"Number 944 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 9 and number 4, with number 4 appearing twice, magnifying its influences."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, conscientiousness, progress, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 944 encourages you to re-organize your priorities and take responsibility for your own",", actions, personal growth and all aspects of your life. Love and nurture yourself and others and focus upon your own goals, values and",". Focus on being your highest and best self and speak and live your truths."]
"Focus positively on your own energies and be your own powerful guide."
"Angel Number 944 is a message that the"
"and"
"are supporting your"
"and are encouraging you to look into"
"or service-based project or venture."
"Your"
"involves serving humanity using your"
"abilities, so s"
"et your goals and pursue your aspirations with enthusiasm and passion and trust the workings of the Universe. Y"
"ou have all the skills and talents you need in order to fulfill your spiritual destiny."
["Angel Number 944 may also suggest that it is time to let go of a situation that has now ran its course. As one door closes, another opens, and the","are helping you to open those new doors of opportunity and help you heal from any pain, sorrow or feelings of loss that may accompany the transition that you are now undergoing."]
"Use your creative mind to establish a plan of action, then move to the next level of your life."
["Number 944 relates to","(9+4+4=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
