["Number 1696 is a combination of the vibrations of number 1, the energies of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 9.","brings its qualities of positivity, intuition, instinct, courage, ambition and attainment, fresh new beginnings and taking new directions. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, problem-solving and solution-finding, provision and providing and the material aspects of life.","resonates with leadership and leading by positive example, the","and the concept of",", altruism and benevolence,","and",",","and service to humanity.  Number 9 also indicates endings, closures and conclusion."]
["Angel Number 1696 indicates that it is time for you to detach from your material possessions and items, particularly if you have had an obsession or attachment to any particular material possession/s. The","ask you to 'let go and detach' to release the ‘old’ as something in your life is about to be replaced with something better. Remember that you deserve the very best so be open to receiving new possessions (or opportunities) that exceed your expectations."]
["Angel Number 1696 suggests that you let go of any fears of lack or loss in regards to your monetary and material issues, and trust that your needs will be met. With the help of your","you may find that any problems or obstacles will solve themselves  -  sometimes in the most unexpected ways. Be open to accepting and receiving new acquisitions and possessions, and","for your blessings."]
["Angel Number 1696 encourages you to balance your physical, material and spiritual lives.  Focusing upon your spirituality and living a conscientious and purposeful lifestyle will ensure that your material needs are met and you will be provided with all that is required to serve your",". Give any fears or anxieties about your monetary and/or material issues to the angels for transmutation, and be open to receiving and accepting",", the spiritual realm and other people in your life."]
"Angel Number 1696 indicates that all is well in regards to your home/ family life and your relationships with others. Enjoy the companionship of those close to you and give love freely and unconditionally."
["Number 1696 relates to","(1+6+9+6=22, 2+2=4) and",", and","and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
