["Number 3143 is a blend of the energies of number 3 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the attributes of number 1, and the vibrations of number 4.","brings its influences of creativity, affability and enthusiasm, growth and expansion, joy and spontaneity,",", imagination and intelligence, self-expression and communication, natural talents and skills. Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",".","relates to assertiveness, striving forward and new beginnings, inspiration, motivation, independence and uniqueness, action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, conscientiousness, progress, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 3143 brings a message to pay attention to the small wonders that take place in your life, each and every moment. Consciously observe the",",","and synchronicities that are unique and personal to you and allow yourself to be open to new ways of being and doing. Accept responsibility for all aspects of your life and acknowledge your","and actions, both those of today and the past. Only by knowing where you are right now and how you got there are you able to make relevant positive and productive choices and actions in the present moment."]
"Angel Number 3143 encourages you to be creative and follow your passions. Nurture your natural interests and explore hobbies, pastimes, careers and/or occupations that are fulfilling and meaningful to you. Look within and find what warms your heart and allows you to express your true self. Come from a place of integrity, live in the moment, go with the flow and trust your own inner-knowing and wisdom."
"Angel Number 3143 tells you that your natural communications skills, charisma and joyful disposition have assisted in manifesting positive energies, and you are to be applauded for the efforts you have put towards spreading your light and to making others feel good about themselves. Support others and promote love and respect for all."
["Number 3143 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (3+1+4+3=11, 1+1=2)."]
