["Number 1864 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 8, and the vibrations and influences of number 6 and number 4.","lends its vibrations of creation, fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and action.","adds its vibrations of","and personal power,",",","and prosperity, dependability and reliability, skills and talents, achieving success, giving and receiving and the concept of","-  the",".","adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, finding solutions, provision and providing and the material aspects of life.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations with practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1864 tells of self-management and achieving success and abundance due to your personal efforts, intentions and actions. Angel Number 1864 is a message of encouragement in regards to pursuing new projects, ventures and financial undertakings as these will prove to be successful and profitable for you. Your financial flow is determined by your attitude and expectations, therefore, stay positive and optimistic about the material and financial aspects of your life as these energies help to","your continued supply of",". Make your","your priority and your angels and the Universe will see to it that your needs are met, and your hard work, will and effort will be rewarded with abundance.  Stay","to your","and maintain an optimistic and positive outlook about your life."]
"Angel Number 1864 is"
"that your material possessions and your life in general are in need of de-cluttering. Get rid of the ‘old’ that no longer positively serves you, to make way for the ‘new’.  If you have intentions of selling something of material value, Angel Number 1864 may be indicating that the items/s will leave your life quickly and easily and exciting ‘new’ will enter to take its place."
["Angel Number 1864 is a message to move forward with positive plans and ideas as they will prove to be most beneficial in all ways for yourself and your loved ones. Trust that the changes taking place in your life are aligned with your","and","and the","will ensure that you will have all that you need along the way."]
"Choose to look at things from a higher perspective and let small annoyances and upsets pass you by. Do not allow petty little things to distract you from your task at hand and look upon obstacles as challenges to overcome. With determination, tenacity, proper planning and positive action nothing will stop you from achieving your goals, no matter what they are."
["Number 1864 relates to","(1+8+6+4=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
