["Number 1957 relates to the","(1+9+5+7 =22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"Number 1957 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 9, and the energies and qualities of number 5 and number 7."
"Number 1"
["brings courage, progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, initiative, instinct and inspiration, finding success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, a higher perspective,",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and","."]
"Number 5"
["promotes personal freedom and individuality, major life changes, making important",", adaptability and adventure, promotion and advancements, and","learned through experience."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with the energies of",",","and",", the esoteric, mysticism,","and",", persistence of purpose, introspection and` inner-knowing. Number 7 also encourages study, learning and education.","Angel Number 1957 brings blessings for courageously following your intuition and","as a",". You are encouraged to focus your thoughts and intentions on completing an important task that is close to your heart as this venture or task is an important step in your life path and must come to conclusion in order to clear the way for a new opportunity to take its place -  the next step in your spiritual journey. The","applaud your efforts and devotion to serving your","and being a positive example for others to follow. Trust the messages and continue on your path."]
["Angel Number 1957 encourages you to trust that the changes taking place in your life will lead to your long-term benefit. Maintain an optimistic and","about your choices and actions and know that you are well supported by the","and the Universal Energies. Trust the","as you follow your intuitive prompts and inner-knowing.","Angel Number 1957 also tells you to look to ways of expanding and expressing your personal spirituality. You have the skills and talents to be a spiritual teacher, healer and/or leader with the ability to counsel and advise others and help them to awaken their","and fully serve their own","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
