["Number 1703 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 7, and the vibrations and influences of number 0 and number 3.","brings with it the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach and relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","vibrates with the mystical influences of",",","and",", inner-knowing and understanding others,",",",", peace, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose, study, research and learning.","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’. It stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with",". It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers. Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.","offers assistance and encouragement, communication and enthusiasm, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, broad-minded thinking, self-expression, talent and skills. Number 3 also indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within."]
["Angel Number 1703 indicates that your","and the","are helping you to expand your self-awareness and gain new skills that you can put to positive use in your life. Your creative energies have been activated and you are encouraged to express yourself with optimism, enthusiasm and joy, and use your personal skills, talents and abilities to serve, encourage and teach others. You have chosen the right course of action and your clear connection with the","assures a strong, open channel of communication. You are encouraged to continue on your current path as the angels offer you support, guidance, blessings, love and light."]
["Angel Number 1703 is","that you are being commended for having the courage to live and express your spiritual truths. Know that your Divine","involves illuminating the way for others and you are encouraged to use your personal communication skills and inherent spiritual talents to help and assist others. Your","and the","encourage and support you on your","."]
["Angel Number 1703 also suggests that you have the skills and talents to be a spiritual teacher, healer and/or leader. You have the ability to counsel and advise others and help them to awaken their",". Look to ways of expanding and expressing your spirituality and encourage others to seek out and express their own."]
["Number 1703 relates to the karmic","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (1+7+0+3=11, 1+1=2)."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
