"Number 1158 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing doubled, amplifying its influences) mixed with the energies of number 5 and number 8."
"resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success and attainment.  Number 1 reminds us that"
"with our beliefs, thoughts and actions."
"Two number 1's appearing together relate to the"
".  The karmic Master Teacher Number 11 relates to the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, creative idealism and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"adds its vibrations of major life changes, versatility and adaptability, inspiration, motivation and activity,"
"that suit who you truly are, and pursuing personal freedom."
"relates to the vibrations of"
", material and monetary mastery, income and finance, self-confidence and personal authority, discernment, giving and receiving,"
"and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of"
", the"
"."
["Angel Number 1158 asks you","and listen to your intuitive messages as","through important changes and are leading you towards wonderful new beginnings and auspicious opportunities.  Trust that all is going to Divine plan in your life and you are fully supported in every way."]
["Angel Number 1158 is","that the",",","and actions you have taken have","in regards to your income, finances and abundance.  Staying positive and","and appreciation will ensure further","."]
["If you have been feeling the strong urge to begin (or expand) a",", Angel Number 1158 may be suggesting that now is an auspicious time to consider your options and take a definite step in that direction.  As you honour and follow your intuition and passionately",",","will flow into your life.  Success on all levels will enter your life with faith, time and patience."]
["Number 1158 relates to","(1+1+5+8=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
