"Number 997 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 9 and number 7, with the powerful number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
["resonates with the",", a higher perspective, influence, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, leading life as a positive example for others, strength of character, philanthropy and humanitarianism, and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["relates to","and",", mysticism and the esoteric,","and",", emotions and feelings, contemplation and introspection, seeking knowledge, study, education and learning, understanding the self and others."]
["Angel Number 997 brings","that you are now shedding old aspects of yourself and your life that no longer positively serve you. As you grow in awareness you learn to","and decide what serves your highest good and what does not. Each choice and decision has the power to help or hinder you on your path. Use your own intuition and inner-radar to discern what resonates with you and what needs to be released from your life. Trust yourself to know what is best for you and take action accordingly. Make sure that your","and actions represent your true self and serve you (and others) in positive and meaningful ways. Let the old go with love and","for its service and be open to receive new and better-suited opportunities and pathways."]
["Angel Number 997 tells you that when looking to expand and",", look and listen with","and only take on board things that resonate and ring true for you. Many writings and teachings are layered and you may not be ready for some messages. Some may resonate with you instantly whilst others will make sense once you have attained further understanding, knowledge and growth. Tune-in with a","ear and an open heart."]
["Angel Number 997 may also be suggesting that it is the right time to pursue a","or service-based project, business or venture. Trust that you have all the attributes needed to succeed on your chosen path, and be aware and alert to signs and synchronicities while listening to and following your own intuition as this will lead you to your soul’s desired outcomes and results."]
"Seek out opportunities to practice compassion and unconditional love for yourself and others."
"Number 997 relates to number 7 (9+9+7=25, 2+5=7) and Angel Number 7."
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
