["Number 1649 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and influences of number 4 and number 9.","resonates with the vibrations of showing initiative and tenacity, new beginnings and striving forward, pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance and personal strength. Number 1 tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","adds its attributes of love of home, family and domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, solution-finding, providing for the self and others, compromise, care and nurturing.","brings its influences of patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive and passion in life and the energies of the",".","resonates with","and",", humanitarianism and serving your",", the concept of","and the",", altruism and benevolence, and leading by positive example. Number 9 also relates to endings, closures and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1649 indicates that the angels are helping you with your material and monetary needs as you focus upon your life path and",". Give the","any worries or concerns you may have and allow them to alleviate your fears and heal and transmute them. Trust that as you work for the highest good for yourself and others you automatically","your ‘good’.  Be open to receiving help and assistance (of all kinds) that will sustain and maintain you along your path. Your guardian angel (or",") holds the vision of your Divine plan and path, and reminds you of this throughout your life."]
["Angel Number 1649 also resonates with reaping karmic rewards due to your patience and persistence and the honest work you have put towards achieving your goals. These rewards will ensure that all of your material wants and needs are supplied, giving you a life of","and plenty."]
"Angel Number 1649 tells you to stop procrastinating and get on with things. It is time for you to detach yourself from your old and outdated material possessions and items and ‘let go’ and ‘release the old’. It is a message that assures you that whatever leaves your life at this time will be replaced with ‘new’ and ‘better’. Be open to receiving all that you deserve as you are ready for an upgrade in your life. You can expect an influx of income, a pay-rise, promotion and/or a positive career change soon."
"Forgiving yourself and others releases you from the past.  When you do not forgive, you hold onto the past and it is impossible to be in the present moment and time. Forgiving is a gift to yourself as it frees you from the past and allows you to live in the present time.  When you forgive yourself and others you become free."
["Number 1649 relates to","(1+6+4+9=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
