["Number 1919 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 9, both appearing twice, amplifying their influences.","relates to creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving forwards, independence, uniqueness, organization, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with","and humanitarianism, service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example, altruism and benevolence, self-sacrifice, selflessness, and endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",", destiny,","and the concept of","- the","."]
["Angel Number 1919 may be suggesting that aspects of your life are coming to a close and/or an important phase or cycle is coming to an end. Trust that this is happening for very karmic reasons which will become evident in the very near future. This is preparing you to begin a wonderful new life and lifestyle that will see all fall into place for you in the most positive ways. These endings are clearing the way for you to fully pursue your","as your soul dictates. Trust that all the information, guidance and assistance you will need along your path will be supplied by the","and Universal Energies."]
["Angel Number 1919 is a","that a cycle or phase is coming to an end, making way for ‘new’ to begin.  Do not look upon these endings as a ‘loss’, but rather as a new beginning, opportunity or adventure. One door is closing behind you as another opens in front of you, and your","ask that you stay positive and focused as the Universe sets you in perfect alignment with your","and","."]
["Allow connection and communication with your angels to open you up to new and unexplored knowledge and wisdom, and positive ways to uplift and serve humanity. If you have been hearing the call to pursue a heart-based project,",", Angel Number 1919 may suggest that now is a most auspicious time to pursue your passion and take action."]
["Angel Number 1919 is a sign for","to get to work and shine their lights to illuminate the way for others."]
["Number 1919 relates to","(1+9+1+9=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
