["Number 1362 is a compilation of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 3, and the vibrations of number 6 and number 2.","promotes changes, new beginnings and projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and tenacity, ambition and will power.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to step in the direction of our desires.","carries the vibrations of optimism and inspiration, ‘faith, hope and charity’, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, communication and self-expression.  Number 3 resonates with the energies of the",", and indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action, problem solving and overcoming obstacles.  It also relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, and nurturing.","adds its attributes of balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and","and","."]
["Angel Number 1362 is","that partnerships and relationships will be going through positive changes and transitions.  Your prayers and","have been heard and are being responded to by the",".  Have faith and trust that all will work out to Divine plan and all of your needs will be met as these changes take effect."]
["Angel Number 1362 indicates that your faith, trust and determination has manifested  positive results for you in many ways and you can expect your desires to come to fruition.  Keep affirming your ‘good’ and that is what you will receive.","with passion and enthusiasm."]
["Your angels ask that you focus less on the material world and put your efforts towards pursuing your spiritual path.  Surrender your worries to the angels so that they can intervene, heal and transmute them.  Balance your focus between the material and spiritual and trust that your supply is truly unlimited, particularly when you are","."]
"The angels encourage you to lead a healthy, balanced lifestyle and take great care of yourself in every way."
["Number 1362 relates to","(1+3+6+2=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
