["Number 1601 is a combination of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations and attributes of number 6 and number 0.","relates to new beginnings and striving forward, willpower, motivation and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, attainment and fulfilment, uniqueness and individuality.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with love of home and family and domesticity, service to others, responsibility, the income and financial aspects of life and providing for the self and others. Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, solution-finding and overcoming obstacles.","encourages","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It also suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.  Number 0 amplifies and magnifies the energies of the number/s it appears with and resonates with the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies.  Number 0 represents eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point."]
["Angel Number 1601 encourages you to ask for help in repairing or readjusting something in the material world that may be hindering or bothering you and causing anxiety. This may have to do with unresolved debt or a purchase or attainment of something of importance that you are unable to afford at present. It may also be pertaining to a fear of loss. The","ask you not to be disheartened but to maintain a positive frame of mind, as they are working behind the scenes to fulfill your needs. You are asked to remain receptive of the gifts of the Universe as when you have high expectations, and","and","them, it assists with achieving your goals and aspirations into your life. Your","urge you to keep up with the great effort you have been putting in."]
"Angel Number 1601 is a message that your material needs are manifested by your positive attitude, expectations, beliefs and actions. New energies will be entering your life which will lead to renewed enthusiasm so keep your focus on your highest goals and aspirations and keep a positive and optimistic mind-set."
"See all that life has to offer you and choose to look at your life from a position of optimism."
["Number 1601 relates to","(1+6+0+1=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
