["Number 1638 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and influences of number 3 and number 8.","encourages us to step forward in our chosen direction, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions. Number 1 brings its qualities of ambition, motivation and progress, insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment.","relates to possessions, status and the monetary aspects, protection, service and domesticity, home and family, love, guidance and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity.","brings its influences of communication and self-expression, encouragement and assistance, natural talent and skills, enthusiasm and optimism.  Number 3 also relates to the energies of the",", and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They help you to find peace, clarity and love within."]
["Number 8 relates to the influences of personal power and authority, discernment and good judgement, truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance, material freedom, giving and receiving, the concept of","and the",", and","."]
["Angel Number 1638 encourages you to have faith and trust in your own skills, talents and abilities, as you are good at what you do for a reason, and when you do what you love, all that you need will come to you. The angels are helping you to manifest the material items you need to help you",", whether it be time, money, contacts, location or whatever is necessary. The","are working to bring whatever you need to you so that you can conduct your work unhindered, and any perceived obstacles or problems will be suitably resolved. You deserve to receive this help as it better enables you to stand in your own power to do the work that your soul dictates."]
["Working towards your","results in an increased flow of","in your life as well as a sense of purpose and fulfilment. Use your communication skills, natural compassion and empathy, as well as your intelligence and wisdom to help and assist others upon their own path. The","are supporting and guiding you, so trust in the infinite benevolence of the Universe and continue along your path with confidence and enthusiasm."]
"Be bold and brave, and above all else, be the best that you can be."
["Number 1638 relates to","(1+6+3+8=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
