"Number 1464 is a compilation of the attributes of number 1 and the vibrations of number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of number 6."
"promotes changes, new beginnings and projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and tenacity, ambition and will"
["power.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to step in the direction of our desires."]
"relates to hard work and determination, patience, will and effort, practicality and ability, passion and drive, loyalty, building solid foundations, system and order, and"
"reliability and dependability.  Number 4 relates to working determinedly towards achieving your goals and aspirations, and resonates with the energies of the"
[".","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and"]
"others.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."
"Angel Number 1464 suggests that the hard work and effort you have put into your endeavours will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones, and you are"
"encouraged to keep up the great work.  Know that your needs will be met due to your diligence and determination to achieve and succeed.  Give any anxieties or worries"
["to your angels, and focus your energies upon your soul urgings and",".  The angels give you the guidance, discipline, efficiency and"]
"clarity of purpose to stay on your pathway."
["Angel Number 1464 is","that your prayers and","will help to improve all circumstances and situations in your life.  The"]
"angels are helping you to clear away and heal anxieties, concerns and limiting belief-patterns in regards to your material and monetary issues.  Stay focused upon your"
["life’s work and","and you will manifest an abundant supply and all of your monetary and material needs will be met.  Stay positive in attitude and outlook to"]
["rapidly","positive outcomes and results.  Let go of fears and allow abundance to freely enter your life.  You deserve it."]
"Angel Number 1464 may also be a warning from your angels that you are focusing on the material world too much.  Surrender your concerns and worries about your"
["financial status and/or circumstances to the","so that they can intervene on your behalf.  The energy of stress and worry repels the Universal energies of abundance"]
"and prosperity, so your angels ask that you keep a positive and optimistic attitude to enable your angels to work their magic in your life.  With wisdom and clarity comes"
"the absence of fear."
["Number 1464 relates to","(1+4+6+4=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
