["Number 2028 relates to","(2+0+2+8=12, 1+2=3) and"]
"Number 2028 is made up of the energies and influences of number 2 appearing twice, and the vibrations and attributes of number 0 and number 8."
"Number 2"
["relates to duality and balance, partnerships and relationships, co-operation and diplomacy, receptivity and love. It also resonates with serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with, and relates to",", potential and/or choice, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point."]
"Number 8"
["brings its attributes of Divine and",", spiritual consciousness, self-confidence, personal power and strength, organisation, achieving and achievements, consideration and good judgement,",", and the concepts of","and",".","Angel Number 2028 brings a message that your self-belief, confidence and","have ensured that","will enter your life, and you are encouraged to make the most of these auspicious energies. Believe that you are worthy of achieving success and receiving","and prosperity into your life as it is your Divine birthright. Maintain faith and trust in the Divine energies and allow yourself to receive with grace and","as being thankful and appreciative of the rewards and blessings reaped from work well done will manifest as a continuous and steady flow of","and prosperity. Remember to always use your abundance for ‘good’.","Angel Number 2028 may also be suggesting that it is time for you to consider beginning (or expanding) a","or heart-based service if you feel so inclined. Remain balanced and focused and always draw from your own inner-strength, wisdom and light. Listen to your intuitive knowing and seek out avenues and interests that call to your soul. Be true to yourself, discern what you want your soul to express, find your power, and fulfil your spiritual destiny.","Trust yourself for only you know your own heart, and trust that you know within what is right for you. Use your strengths and talents to uplift and enlighten others through serving humanity in compassionate and loving ways, and trust that your","and","are sending love,",",","and opportunities your way."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
