["Number 1660 is a blend of the energies of number 1, the vibrations of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 0.","resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success and attainment.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","carries the vibrations of love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, caring and nurturing others. Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles.","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’. It stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
["Angel Number 1660 is","to keep your thoughts 'heavenward' and positive, and to let go of any material matters or concerns. Maintain a","and speak, think and act only in the most positive and practical of ways. Look upon all aspect of your life with optimism and hold high expectations and you will find that all issues will be resolved and solutions found. The focus is on emotions, family issues, the home environment and you as a person.  New energies will be entering your life which will lead to renewed enthusiasm and the","are sending you positive energy and balance so that you are able to stay focused upon your path. Your attitude determines your life, and",", so choose your thoughts, words and actions wisely."]
["Angel Number 1660 is a message to let go and release any material concerns or worries and focus upon your true desires, passions and",". With a positive mind-set, expect abundance to enter your material world, which will permeate through the other aspects of your life.  Accept the benevolence of the Universe and expect blessings to enter your life.  Trust that all of your daily needs will be met in Divine order and in Divine time."]
"Angel Number 1660 encourages diplomacy, negotiation, compassion and co-operation.  To heal a negative situation, view the other side of the situation with open eyes and an open heart."
["Number 1660 relates to","(1+6+6+0=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
