["Number 3008 brings together the energies of number 3, the influences of number 0 appearing twice, amplifying its vibrations, and the attributes of number 8.","relates to creativity, affability and enthusiasm, growth and expansion, joy and spontaneity,",", imagination and intelligence, self-expression and communication, natural talents and skills. Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",".","represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with.","is the number of",", self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, giving and receiving, and serving humanity. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
"Angel Number 3008 brings a message not to buy into other people’s opinions, values and beliefs. Reclaim your own power and decide for yourself what is right for you and what resonates with you, and what does not. Honour your own inner-knowing and gut-feelings, make your own choices and decisions for yourself and stand by them.  Only you know what is right for you and your life."
["Angel Number 3008 encourages you to create your own good fortune with your faith,",", intentions and actions, and be willing to do the work needed to make your dreams come true. Use your personal creativity in constructive and productive ways and put your skills and talents to work to achieve your heart’s desires. Know that you will find success in all that you put your heart, mind and efforts towards."]
"Don’t spend your time wanting or waiting for something great to happen that will make you happy. Live in the moment and look for the blessings and gifts that are already present in your life and build on them. Value and cherish each and every moment and experience."
["Number 3008 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (3+0+0+8=11, 1+1=2)."]
