["Number 1619 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations and qualities of number 6 and number 9.","resonates with the vibrations of showing initiative and tenacity, new beginnings and striving forward, pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance and personal strength.  Number 1 tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","brings its attributes of ability and stability, provision and providing and the monetary and material aspects of life, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others, simplicity, reliability and responsibility, problem-solving and the ability to compromise.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective,",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,","and",", serving your","and",". Number 9 encourages you to use your natural abilities to illuminate the way for others to follow."]
["Angel Number 1619 is","that you are to take action towards serving your",". Your","ask that you release any fears and anxieties and get on with living your passion and purpose today. It is your right to be a powerful being so use your personal power in loving ways that benefit yourself and others. Listen to your intuitive messages and take positive action in the direction of your soul calling. Your","will ensure that you are provided with all that you will need along your path."]
"Angel Number 1619 is a prompt to get on with important aspects of your life as it is time for you to detach yourself from your old and outdated ideas and items and ‘let go’ and ‘release the old’.  It is a message that assures you that whatever leaves your life at this time will be replaced with ‘new’ and ‘better’.  Be open to receiving all that you deserve as you are ready for an upgrade in your life."
["Angel Number 1619 is","to trust that the most suited and appropriate career choice, hobby or interest will present in your life, and your angels encourage you to take up the opportunity."]
["Angel Number 1619 can also suggest that you are at the end of a phase or cycle in your life.","to comfort and guide you towards your next step. Happiness and fulfilment await you with ‘new’ about to enter your life."]
["Your intuition connects you to","and spirit energy, and guidance is available to you as soon as you ask for it."]
["Number 1619 relates to","(1+6+1+9=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
