"Number 614 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 6 and number 1 and the vibrations of number 4."
"Number 6"
["brings its attributes of the monetary and financial aspects of life,","and",", provision and providing, love of home and family, domesticity, nurturing and caring for others, compromise and finding solutions to problems."]
"Number 1"
["lends its vibrations of fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and action and encourages us to step in the direction of our desires with courage and conviction."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals, patience, planning and persistence. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 614 is a message that you are fully supported by the Universe and your material and personal needs will always be met. The work and effort you have put towards living your truths has ensured that solid foundations have been laid. Have faith in yourself, your ideas and your intuition, and stay focused upon your desired outcomes. Follow your intuition, maintain faith and trust and you can expect some well-earned rewards and blessings to enter your life. Give any fears, worries or concerns to your","for healing and transmutation, and stay positive and maintain an optimistic outlook to manifest your highest good."]
["Angel Number 614 encourages you to see yourself in a higher light (as your true self), and the angels are helping to boost your self-esteem and self-belief as your","requires that you be your authentic self to continue working at your most brilliance. Keep a positive and optimistic","and outlook and","and appreciative for all that you have, and all you are yet to receive."]
"Positive energies and opportunities will just seem to flow naturally to you, so be on the lookout for chances to enhance your life in very positive ways."
["Number 614 relates to","(6+1+4=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
