["relates to the energies and attributes of",", strength,",", money, finances, power, riches, status, materialism,"]
"pragmatism, the ego, provision, aggregation, dictatorship, delegation, multiples, business, investment, employment, appearance, customs, skills, exchange, reality, world"
"transformation, professional, strength, truth, responsibility, true justice, problem-solving, the organizer, achievement, practicality, decisiveness, controlling, constant,"
"ambitious, self-confident, integrity, efficiency, dependability, trustworthiness, the planner, good judgement, sociable, giving and receiving, stability, independence,"
"learning through experience, patience, caution, self-discipline, self-sufficiency, free-will, discernment, insight, spiritual consciousness, a desire for peace and love for"
"humanity, consistency, authority, challenges, caution, efficiency, infinity, material prosperity, self-power, abundance and prosperity, cosmic-consciousness, reward,"
["leadership. Number 8 resonates with","– the","."]
["is the number of power and strength and symbolizes the principles of domination, control and achievement.  Number 8 is the number of '","', and carries"]
["within it","-  'as you reap, so shall you sow.'"]
["The","appearing repeatedly indicates that financial/material abundance is on its way into your life.  This is being brought about by some positive work"]
["and past efforts on your behalf.  Being the number of",",","may be suggesting that you will receive unexpected rewards for past good work.","re-"]
"paid in kind."
["The","is a message for you to keep your finances in check ensuring that you have set solid foundations for yourself and your loved ones.  The"]
["Universe and your","will always ensure that you are supported, but it is your responsibility to make sure that you are living up to your full potential in order to"]
["tread your ‘right’ life path.","suggests that past work and effort will be justly rewarded, so continue in this vein in order to maintain the flow of"]
"abundance into your life."
["The","is telling you that your","is fully supported by the Universe.  The Universe is abundant and generous and wishes to"]
["reward you.  Great financial prosperity is yours, now and in the future.","means that a phase in your life is about to end and is a sign of forewarning to"]
"enable you to prepare yourself and your life accordingly. This number sequence may also indicate that you are winding up an emotional, career or relationship phase in"
"your life."
"The 8888 number sequence may indicate that there is light at the end of the tunnel and in addition it is a message for you not to procrastinate when making your move or"
"enjoying the fruits of your labour.  Make the choices that please you.  That is your reward."
"See also:"
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
["Live","Online with Joanne"]
