"Number 824 is a combination of the energies and influences of number 8 and number 2, and the vibrations of number 4."
["relates to self-reliance, reality,","wealth and",", self-confidence,","and good judgement, achievement, giving and receiving, philanthropy and serving humanity, and","; the","."]
["is related to balance and harmony, duality, partnerships and relationships, personal will, decisiveness, insightfulness, ambition, diplomacy and mediation, sensitivity, your","and","."]
["resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, conscientiousness, progress, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 824 brings","that your hard work, efforts and determination are reaping rewards, and you are being blessed with the fruits of your labours. Through diligence and determination you have achieved a great deal and the","are commending you for your efforts and are encouraging you to keep up the good work. Trust that all of your monetary and material needs will be met as you pursue and serve your","and","."]
["Angel Number 824 beings a message to allow your personal values and principles to be your guide and stand in your own truths. Understand and appreciate your true potential and the opportunities presenting to you at this time. You have a great well of",", practical knowledge, resilience and resourcefulness, and you are encouraged to fully utilize them. Walk your talk, speak your truths, balance the past, present and future in the here and now, and know your",". Honour the past as your teacher and the present as your inspiration."]
"Angel Number 824 indicates that you have earned the right to expect positive results and outcomes to all situations and circumstances in your life. Well done!"
["Number 824 relates to","(8+2+4=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
