"Number 1525 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1, number 5 and number 2, with number 5 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
"resonates with creation and new beginnings, striving towards achieving goals, trying new things, self-reliance and determination, intuition and initiative.  Number 1 tells"
["us that","with our actions, thoughts and beliefs and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones.","resonates with courage,"]
["opportunity, personal freedom and individuality, major life changes,",", promotion and advancements, adventure, adaptability and"]
["versatility,","learned through experience and resourcefulness.","adds its energies of adaptability and co-operation, mediation and diplomacy, finding"]
"balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, consideration for others, flexibility and grace.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and"
"."
"Angel Number 1525 is a message about important and necessary life changes currently taking place in your life. Your determination to positively change your life (eg."
["career, home, finances etc) is being Divinely guided, so listen to your intuition and the","and pursue the course of action that takes you closer to"]
["living your personal truths.  Your intuition is your link to the",".  Have faith and trust that these changes will usher in positive opportunities and circumstances that"]
["will benefit you and your loved ones.  Trust that these new opportunities have been Divinely guided and are in line with your","and","."]
"Angel Number 1525 suggests that the life changes you are experiencing at the moment are for your highest good, and wonderful new opportunities will miraculously"
["appear with help from your",". When you live your life being true to yourself and honest with others you manifest positive energies and desired results and"]
"outcomes. Only you have control over your thoughts, feelings, choices and actions.  As you live your life true to your own values and personal spirituality the angels and"
"Universal Energies will ensure that you are supported, encouraged and loved."
"Nothing is ever wasted or lost, and each experience blends with the next to provide a life rich in opportunities to experience growth."
["Number 1525 relates to","(1+5+2+5=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
