["Number 1202 is a compilation of the energies of number 1 blended with the vibrations of number 2 and number 0.","brings the attributes of creation and new beginnings, attainment and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. It also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions, and encourages us to take action towards our desires.","represents balance and harmony, duality, faith, devotion, insight, co-operation, adaptability and diplomacy.  Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and your","and",". The number 2 appears twice, strengthening the influences of its vibrations.","magnifies and amplifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with, and carries the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with",".  Number 0 is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
["Angel Number 1202 is","and","that you are to stay focused on your highest expectations as the angels and Universal Energies are working behind the scenes helping you to","and wants and needs.  Trust that your home and family will be well provided for as you strive towards achieving your spiritual goals and aspirations."]
["The repeating Angel Number 1202 is a powerful sign that you are to step out of your comfort zone and take new directions and/or begin new projects and ventures that you have been wanting to do for some time now.  Angel Number 1202 encourages us to release our fears and apprehensions and get on with pursuing our passions and","."]
["Angel Number 1202 asks you to ensure that all you put out to the Universe is of a positive and uplifting nature.","ask that you stay on a positive path and to use your natural skills, talents and abilities to their utmost for the benefit of yourself and others.  Use","and","to enhance energies and draw them towards you.  The more you focus on the positives, the quicker they are manifested into your reality."]
["Number 1202 also relates to","(1+2+0+2=5) and","."]
