["Number 113 is made up of the attributes and energies of the numbers 1 and 3.","appears twice bringing it vibrations of new beginnings, striving forward, motivation and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, attainment and fulfilment, uniqueness and individuality. Double 1’s also relates to the karmic","which tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our","and",". It suggests that you pay special attention to your thoughts and ideas, as these are revealing the answers to your prayers.","relates to optimism and enthusiasm, communication and self-expression, inspiration and creativity, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, expansion and growth. Number 3 also relates to the",". The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","."]
["Angel Number 113 indicates that some obstacles and/or upheaval may take place in your life and this is taking place for karmic reasons that will break new ground for you. This will bring about new opportunities for you to grow on all levels; emotionally, mentally and spiritually. The","ask that you adapt to changes gracefully and be open to auspicious new opportunities arising in your life. Angel Number 113 may be a ‘blessing in disguise."]
["Angel Number 113 is","that you are being guided and assisted with pursuing your","and",".Trust that the","and","are by your side as you go through transitions that will bring you into perfect alignment with your",". If you are unsure of your next steps,","."]
["Angel Number 113 is a strong message to listen to your intuition and take action accordingly. Use","to draw towards you the circumstances and"]
["situations that you want in your life. Do not be afraid to take on new ventures and/or projects as now is an auspicious time to take new directions in your life. The","and","are with you, guiding and assisting when asked."]
["Number 113 also relates to the","(1+1+3=5) and","."]
"Also see:"
["(",", 113,",", 133 etc)"]
"*"
