["Number 1642 is a blend of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 2, and the attributes and influences of number 4 and number 2.","brings optimism, attainment, new beginnings and starting new projects, motivation and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its amplified energies of the monetary and financial aspects of life, providing and provision, order and economy, the ability to compromise and solution-finding, idealism, just and justice, parenthood, guardianship, service to others, and love of home and family."]
["relates to the vibrations of working steadily towards goals and aspirations, practicality and patience, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the",".","resonates with finding balance and harmony, faith and trust, grace and devotion, encouragement and support, partnerships and relationships, and","and","."]
["Angel Number 1642 suggests that the hard work and effort you have put towards achieving your goals will bring you wonderful success, and you can expect to receive your just rewards in due course. Your material and monetary needs will be met as you live your truths and","with passion and commitment and focus upon establishing solid foundations for yourself and others. Your","want you to know that you are protected, supported and loved, and they encourage you to remain patience, persistent and optimistic."]
["Angel Number 1642 is a message that your prayers and","have been heard and are being answered by the angels. Give any fears of lack or concerns about money (or any other material aspect) to the angels for healing and transmutation and trust that all is going to Divine plan. Feel free to pursue your","with passion and determination and keep a","and outlook. Expect timely miracles to occur in your life."]
"Bring balance, tranquility and positive energies into your home and surrounds and this will reflect in all areas of your life.  Focus on being happy and do things that make you feel joyful, creative and loving, as by doing this you open yourself up to receive more positive experiences. Have a balanced mind and heart so that you know what you truly think and feel at all times."
["Number 1642 relates to","(1+6+4+2=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
