["Number 1714 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 appearing twice, magnifying its influences, and the vibrations and energies of number 7 and number 4.","brings with it the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach and relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","vibrates with the mystical influences of",",","and",", inner-knowing, compassion and understanding others,","and",", peace, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose, study, research and learning.","brings its influences of practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose and resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1714 indicates that the work, will and effort you have put into different aspects of your life is paying off for you. It is a message that you have listened to the",", and as a result you have set yourself on your right life path. You have been working devotedly towards expanding and elevating your consciousness and the","ask that you continue on your current path knowing that you are being surrounded, supported and Divinely guided each step of the way. When you invite angels into your life you evolve spiritually as you connect with your inner-self and the higher Source."]
"Angel Number 1714 may also be a prompt to take up a new course, line of study and/or further education that will bring rewards of many kinds, both to your own life and to others’. You are here to create, learn and fufill your highest potential. You have something unique to offer the world."
"If you have been"
"considering making a serious commitment to something of a long-term nature, Angel Number 1714 suggests that now is a most auspicious time to put your plans into action. You have all the skills and knowledge to excel at anything that you put your heart and soul into. Patience and persistence are the keys."
["Number 1714 relates to","(1+7+1+4=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
