["Number 1720 contains the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 7, and the vibrations and influences of number 2 and number 0.","promotes initiative, ambition and motivation, striving forward and progress, will-power, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition.  Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with the Universal Energies, determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality,","and",",",",","and",", mysticism and",", learning, study and research.","adds its attributes of balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and serving your",".","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands for potential and/or choice and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey. It relates to","and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
["Angel Number 1720 is a message that your faith, trust and positive attitude are leading you towards achieving your desired goals and aspirations. Your thoughts, beliefs and actions","and reality, so ensure that you keep your thoughts on how you want things to be, rather than on what you don’t want, as things are currently manifesting around you at a rapid rate. The","applaud you in your efforts and fully support and encourage you to continue on your current path.  Keep up the great work!"]
["Angel Number 1720 indicates your",", optimism and faith have manifested love and abundance into your life and you have good reason to feel happy and fulfilled.  Now is a great time to","and bask in the glow of love, light and positive energies."]
["Angel Number 1720 also encourages you to seek peace and tranquillity in your life as through quiet contemplation and inner-reflection you will be able to develop your intuitive abilities and learn to trust and depend upon your own knowing, as well as","available to you whenever you need them."]
["Number 1720 relates to","(1+7+2+0=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
