"Number 321 is a combination of the energies of number 3, the vibrations of number 2 and the attributes of number 1."
"brings creativity, self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, ‘faith hope and charity’, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also resonates with the energy of the"
"."
"lends its vibrations of faith and trust, balance and poise, insightfulness and sensitivity, partnerships and relationships with others, encouragement and happiness and"
"your"
"."
["promotes new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and taking action, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and initiative, instinct and intuition. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Angel Number 321 encourages you to step in the direction of your desires with confidence and optimism, with the belief that you will find success and fulfilment. Do not be afraid to take on new challenges and opportunities as they will prove to be of great benefit to you. Your newly planted ideas are like seeds and they are beginning to grow into your reality."
"Give any fears, worries and/or concerns to the angels for healing, and trust that your fears will be transmuted and replaced with faith, self-belief and confidence. Know that you are well loved and blessed by the Universal Energies so n"
["ever doubt yourself or the power of the","."]
["Angel Number 321 brings","that they are helping with the manifestation of your goals and desires. Keep your thoughts, expectations and outlook positive and optimistic and trust in your creative",". Remember to stay focused on what you DO want, rather than on what you don’t want. It is a reminder from your","and the","that faith, trust and positive expectations produce miracles in your life."]
"Creativity sparks new ways of doing things, which positively affects both work and play. Simply go within and be open to the Divine magic of the Universe."
["Number 321 relates to","(3+2+1=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
