["Number 1688 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","brings optimism, attainment, new beginnings, motivation and progress, beginning new projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others. Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative and action, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles.","adds its attributes of",", personal power and authority,",", discernment and good judgement, a desire for peace, a love of humanity and world transformation, giving and receiving and the","."]
["Angel Number 1688 encourages you to put your natural abilities and passions to good use and maintain a","in order to continue manifesting prosperity and to ensure that all of your material needs are met and provided for throughout your life. If you have any fears or doubts,","and assistance."]
"Angel Number 1688 may be suggesting that a phase, circumstance or situation in your life is about to end and is a sign of forewarning to enable you to prepare yourself and your life accordingly.  It may also indicate that you are winding up an emotional issue, relationship or career phase in your life.  If you have been considering beginning or expanding your own business and/or income earning venture, now would be a good time to take positive steps to make it so."
["Angel Number 1688 is an auspicious","indicating that achieving goals, striving forward and finding success are ahead of you, and infinite","and supply are always available to you. Your home, family, friendships and career are all set to improve. Embrace and welcome happiness in all its forms."]
"Angel Number 1688 encourages you to live up to your full potential."
["Number 1688 relates to","(1+6+8+8=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
