["Number 1326 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 and number 3, and the attributes of number 2 and number 6.","tells us that"]
"with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.  It resonates with the attributes of inspiration and creation, beginning new projects and ventures with a view to achieving success,"
["happiness and fulfilment, tenacity and self-reliance.","brings its energies of growth and expansion, sensitivity, self-expression, creativity, joy and optimism."]
["Number 3 is also the vibration of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the"]
["Divine spark within yourself and others, and are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.  The Masters also assist with","."]
"relates to the attributes of adaptability and co-operation, mediation and diplomacy, finding balance and harmony, consideration for others, partnerships and"
["relationships, flexibility and grace.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and",".","adds its vibrations of love of home, family"]
"and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, finding solutions, the ability to compromise, emotional depth, provision and providing"
"and the material aspects of life."
["Angel Number 1326 is","to release and surrender any fears related to your financial and monetary circumstances and give them to the angels"]
["for healing and transmutation.  The energies of fear, worry and anxiety are negative and repel the vibrations that","and auspicious circumstances."]
"Therefore, keep your attitude positive and optimistic in order to manifest and maintain a steady flow of supply in your life."
["Angel Number 1326 indicates that your intentions, mind-set and efforts in regards to","will reap many long-term benefits and rewards"]
["into your life and your requests and prayers have been heard and are being answered.  Your","and high expectations will ensure a continuous supply"]
"to provide for yourself and your loved ones.  Trust that you and your loved ones are well-protected and loved."
"Angel Number 1326 asks you to trust that you are on the right path and your angels encourage and support you in every way.  Keep up the good work and continue to"
"manifest your ‘good’.   Know that all you need will be supplied to you in Divine right time and simple and suitable solutions will be found to any issues or problems"
"that may arise along your path."
"Exercise such as gentle walking and yoga are essential to your well-being, peace of mind and spiritual growth, so take time to look after yourself, inside and out and on"
"all levels.  Bring joy into all that you do."
["Number 1326 relates to","(1+3+2+6=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
