"Number 856 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 8 and number 5, and the influences of number 6."
["resonates with giving and receiving,",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, management, self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, insight and intelligence, the concept of",", the","."]
["relates to important life changes, creativity and new beginnings, auspicious new opportunities,",", learning lessons through experience, imagination and curiosity, vitality, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility."]
["relates to love of home and family and domesticity, providing for the self and others, service to others and selflessness,",", responsibility and reliability, dignity and simplicity, mediation and the ability to compromise, finding solutions and overcoming obstacles."]
"Angel Number 856 encourages you to take the time to review what is happening in your life right now, and if you don’t like it, change it. If aspects of your life are not going the way you would like, you can turn your life around by changing your beliefs, thought-patterns and expectations. Have the courage to be true to yourself and follow your dreams. If you want to see real change in your life and in the world, start with yourself."
["Angel Number 856 tells you that your positive actions and intentions to change your life for the better are supported and encouraged by the angelic and spiritual realms. Give any concerns, worries and/or fears about your current life changes to the","for transmutation and healing, and have faith that these changes will bring wonderful abundance and blessings to your life. Trust that all of your monetary and material needs will be met as required."]
["Angel Number 856 suggests that financial worries and burdens are lifting and a positive flow of abundance is about to enter your life.","for your blessings, and be aware that the more you have, the more you have to share with others."]
["Number 856 relates to","(8+5+6=19, 1+9=1) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
