["Number 2987 is a blend of the attributes of number 2, the vibrations of number 9, the energies of number 8, and the qualities of number 7.","resonates with balance and harmony, duality, partnerships and relationships, personal will, decisiveness, insightfulness, ambition, diplomacy and mediation, sensitivity, your","and",".","relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","is associated with personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, dependability,","and self-reliance, and","wealth and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the",".","resonates with feelings and emotions,","and",", persistence of purpose and determination, contemplation and introspection, philosophy and the philosophical,","and",", higher-learning, study and research."]
"Angel Number 2987 brings a message to allow yourself to experience the full range of human emotions as all emotions show us our true feelings shedding light on issues that may need to be dealt with. Do not be afraid of your true emotions, but look upon them as indicators as to your current life status."
["Angel Number 2987 encourages you to take the time and effort to go within, get in touch with your true feelings and emotions, and discover and","what no longer resonates with you or that has outgrown its positive service to you. Feel the emotions that arise as you focus on specific aspects of your life, and if they are pleasant and uplifting, feel","and appreciation for them. If they cause a feeling of distress, fear, anger or general unease, look deeper, and if you know it is time to change, overcome or discard the issue, take steps to do so. It is your responsibility to take the necessary steps to","and lifestyle. Remain steadfast in your personal preferences, beliefs, values and truths, and take care of your own wellbeing on every level."]
"Empower yourself by thinking for yourself and seeking your own truths. Find out facts for yourself and be aware of what resonates as true for you and what does not. Think, feel and choose for yourself what is right for you."
["Number 2987 relates to","(2+9+8+7=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
