["Number 1208 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 1 blended with the qualities and vibrations of number 2, number 0 and number 8.","brings positivity, creation and new beginnings, motivation, striving forward and progress, ambition and success.  Number 1 also relates to","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions, self-leadership and assertiveness, attainment.","resonates with receptivity, service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and","and",".","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.","resonates with personal power and authority, giving and receiving,",", truth and integrity, professionalism and management, dependability and self-reliance,","and","."]
["Angel Number 1208 is a message to keep your faith and trust strong and expect the very best in your life.  Maintaining a","and optimistic outlook helps to manifest auspicious circumstances and opportunities into your life.  Use your intelligence and intuition to choose the most positive actions that suit your soul. Expect the best, and you will receive it.  Expect to succeed and you will."]
["Angel Number 1208 is","that you have been rapidly","and wishes through the power of positive thinking and by maintaining an ‘","’.  The current flow of abundance is a reflection of your mind-set and high expectations and you are encouraged by your angels to use your","wisely. Your","remind you to have an optimistic outlook and attitude so that you manifest only the best for your highest good. Success can and will be yours."]
"Angel Number 1208 can also be a message that one door is closing for you, and another is about to open, and this will prove to be most beneficial for you in many ways.  Trust that your material needs will be taken care of during these changes, and rest assured that you will find personal fulfilment and happiness."
["Angel Number 1208 may also be an indication that it is time for you to consider beginning (or expanding) a",", or a career whereby you are able to serve others with your passions and interests."]
["Number 1208 also relates to the","(1+2+0+8=11) and","."]
