["Number 2918 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 9, and the vibrations and influences of number 1 and number 8.","encourages finding balance and harmony, faith and trust, selflessness, understanding, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, love and happiness. Number 2 also relates to serving your","and",".","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, the concept of karma, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and",".","relates to assertiveness, striving forward and new beginnings, inspiration, independence and uniqueness, motivation, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","resonates with personal authority and self-confidence,",", higher wisdom, achievement and successes, practicality, consideration, giving and receiving, and serving humanity. Number 8 is also the number of","; the","."]
"Angel Number 2918 tells you to stop walking through life thinking that you need to be a certain way, look a certain way or behave a certain way in order to ‘fit in’ to gain the approval of others. Embrace your own uniqueness and self-worth, as when you do not feel worthy it blocks the flow of energy that manifests and brings you the best for your life. When you are true to yourself and allow your unique gifts to come to the fore, you connect with the flow of the Universe. Be you, as only you can be."
["Angel Number 2918 may also be telling you to lighten your load if you feel that you have gathered too many ‘things’ that do not positively serve you. This can include material items, negative thoughts, habits and patterns, toxic relationships … anything that drags you down and holds you back. Be aware of the energies around you and if you feel that something is not quite right, it probably isn’t. Listen to your intuitive radar and go with what positively serves you and what does not, then take action. See it as an opportunity to fine-tune your levels of intuitive clarity and","."]
"Angel Number 2918 brings a message to stand within your own strengths and personal power. Do not give anyone or anything more power than you give yourself. Consider the advice and/or opinions of friends, loved ones and/or trusted others, but listen to your own inner-knowing, values and truths first and foremost. Trust yourself and your own intuition and the energies of the Universe."
["Number 2918 relates to","(2+9+1+8=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
