["Number 1808 is a compilation of the energies of number 1, the attributes of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 0.","brings its energies of creation and new beginnings, progress and motivation, striving forward, inspiration, achieving success and fulfilment. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with personal power and authority, self-confidence, self-sufficiency, good judgement,",", truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance,","wealth and",",","and the",".","relates to eternity and infinity, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, potential and/or choice and the beginning point. Number 0 is represents","and the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
["Angel Number 1808 is a powerful message telling of achievements, success, striving forward, progress and attainment. Your",", thoughts, beliefs and","have manifested as an increased flow of monetary abundance and you are encouraged to enjoy the rewards of prosperity and","and appreciative of them."]
["Angel Number 1808 suggests that you keep your finances in check to ensure that you have set solid foundations for yourself and your loved ones as this will ensure your future prosperity. The Universe and your","will always support you, but it is your responsibility to ensure that you put in the appropriate work and effort. You are to be responsible for your own income, abundance and well-being and you are encouraged to live up to your full potential."]
["Don’t ever let anyone tell you that you can’t achieve something. Use it as motivation to prove them wrong. You are a powerful being in charge of your own life, and it is up to you to make decisions and choices that reflect who you truly are, rather than what others expect of you. Be true to yourself and live your life accordingly. As with the",", like attracts like, so what you send out in word and thought comes back to you."]
["Number 1808 relates to","(1+8+0+8=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
