["Number 1452 is a blend of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the attributes and influences of number 5 and number 2.","resonates with"]
"creation and new beginnings, courage, ambition, positivity and self-reliance, inspiration and ambition, achievement and success. Number 1 tells us that"
["with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its vibrations of practicality and application, patience, hard work and responsibility, traditional"]
"values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose in life, and the"
["energies of the",".","resonates with major life changes,","and decisions, promotion and advancements, adaptability and"]
["versatility, adventure, personal freedom and individuality,","learned through experience and resourcefulness.","relates to service and duty, duality,"]
"balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and"
"."
["Angel Number 1452 is","to expect changes to come about sooner than expected ... and these changes may come about through unexpected ways"]
"and means.  Have faith and trust in yourself and the decisions and choices you have made in regards to making current life changes as they will bring auspicious"
["circumstances and new opportunities to enhance and enrich your life.  These changes will also bring you into perfect alignment with your","and"]
[".  Adapt to changes with grace and","of what these changes will bring into your life."]
"Angel Number 1452 indicates that your wants, needs and desires are coming to fruition due to the recent or current changes you are making. The hard work you have"
["been doing has manifested changes and new opportunities in your life that will rapidly advance you along your life path and with",".  Due to"]
"your beliefs, intentions and efforts you have managed to ensure success, the reaping of rewards and the finding of personal fulfilment in your daily life.  Have faith that"
"much happiness and personal satisfaction is on its way and trust that any projects will succeed and your goals will be attained. The angels are assisting you with"
"changing your life for the better, and helping you to let go of the ‘old’ in order to allow in the ‘new’."
"If you believe in yourself enough to listen to yourself, you would realize that you have all the ‘right’ answers already within you."
["Number 1452 relates to","(1+4+5+2=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
