["Number 1679 is a combination of the influences and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and attributes of number 7 and number 9.","promotes creation, progress, new beginnings, striving forward, motivation and progress, uniqueness and individuality. Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that",".","carries the vibrations of love of home and family and domesticity, service to others, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, caring and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, initiative, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles.","adds its energies of mysticism,",",","and",", deep contemplation and introspection, learning and education,",",","and inner-knowing.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the Universal Spiritual Laws, a higher perspective and high ideals, humility, the concept of karma, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, and","."]
["Angel Number 1679 is a message that your thoughts, visions and intuitive knowing about your","are guiding you in the right direction and you have been following Divine guidance and putting your spiritual knowledge and wisdom into practice as a",".  You have been living and leading your spiritual life with optimism and enthusiasm and the angels commend you on your commitment. Continue listening to your intuition about your","and your","and shine your light for others to follow."]
["Angel Number 1679 is a message of congratulations and commendation from the angels for the","you are doing. The","indicate that you are shedding old aspects of your life that no longer suit who you truly are and you are now living a more authentic life and lifestyle. It suggests that some issues or phases are coming to an end or conclusion, making way for fresh new beginnings that will enhance your life and advance you along your path. Room is to be made to allow the ‘new’ into your life."]
"Angel Number 1679 applauds your choices to live with honesty, truth and love. Love is expressed through acts of forgiveness, compassion, kindness and selflessness."
["Number 1679 relates to","(1+6+7+9=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
