["Number 1706 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 7, and the energies and influences of number 0 and number 6.","resonates with creation and new beginnings, striving towards achieving goals, trying new things, self-reliance and determination, intuition and initiative.  Number 1 tells us that","with our actions, thoughts and beliefs and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones.","relates to",",","and",", mysticism and",", inner-knowing and understanding others, compassion and",", seeking knowledge, education and study and learning.","represents the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail, and stands for potential and/or choice. It relates to","and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with.","adds its attributes of the material aspects of life, home, family and domesticity, compromise, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, and providing for the self and others. Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, overcoming obstacles and finding solutions."]
["Angel Number 1706 is","that you have achieved balance between your spiritual life and the material world, and in turn you are reaping benefits in many ways. It is a message that you have been manifesting successfully and your desires are becoming reality and this will be positively reflected in all areas of your life. Your","ask you to maintain a","and high expectations to keep up the flow of","."]
["Angel Number 1706 indicates that you are on the right path to making sweeping improvements in your life, particularly in regards to the financial and monetary aspects. Trust that your material needs will be met as you boldly make necessary changes to your life and lifestyle and you will receive the money (or goods/time/energy) that you need. Know that the Universe is in charge of how that will happen. Have faith and trust that your needs will be met on all levels as you focus upon fulfilling your earthly obligations and responsibilities, and pursuing your","and","."]
["Your","commend you on your ability to navigate obstacles, rise above and",", and maintain a positive and optimistic outlook and mind-set, which ultimately manifests positive results. To have better relationships, focus on the good within yourself and others and view all situations and circumstances from a higher perspective."]
["Number 1706 relates to","(1+7+0+6=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
