"Number 2101 brings together the energies of number 2, the attributes of number 1 appearing twice, and the influences of number 0."
"Number 2"
["resonates with service and duty, balance and harmony, insight, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and serving your","and",".  Number 1 signifies assertiveness, independence and uniqueness, motivation, striving forward and new beginnings, positivity and achieving success."]
"Number 1"
"encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities."
"Number 0"
["amplifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with and denotes freedom from limitations, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also stands for potential and/or choice and inspires","."]
"Angel Number 2101 tells you not to be hindered by old patterns and habits that are in need of change so allow for the ‘old’ to be replaced with the ‘new’. Ensure that you focus upon your desired outcomes only as when you hold positive thoughts and high expectations you receive wonderful opportunities and experiences in your life. Look upon new experiences with optimism as they will bring about positive effects and favourable opportunities and results for you."
["Angel Number 2101 brings","to stay grounded and maintain faith and trust in yourself, your natural","talents and abilities and your",", as you are making positive progress in your life. You are on a positive life path and wonderful opportunities will lead to happiness and personal fulfilment for you. Trust that your","are by your side encouraging you to remain calm, balanced and optimistic, and are guiding your every step."]
"Angel Number 2101 suggests that there may be some new opportunities or directions for you to take that will lead you towards new and exciting situations and circumstances. Take up challenges with total faith and trust in yourself and the Universal Energies."
["Number 2101 relates to","(2+1+0+1=4) and","."]
"*"
