["Number 681 resonates with the vibrations and energies of number 6 and number 8, and the attributes of number 1.","relates to ability and stability, provision and providing and the monetary and material aspects of life, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others,",", simplicity, reliability and responsibility, problem-solving and the ability to compromise.","adds its energies of personal power and authority,",", dependability and self-confidence,",",","and good judgement. Number 8 also resonates with the concept of",", and the","(Cause and Effect).","relates to creation and new beginnings, motivation, progress, intuition and inspiration, happiness and positivity, initiative and assertiveness, attainment, achieving success and personal fulfilment, stepping out of your comfort zone and","."]
["Angel Number 681 resonates with","and prosperity into your life and tells of expressing your true self through your actions. It is a message to stay positive and optimistic about your life in general and trust that your prayers and","have been heard and acknowledged. Your actions, intentions and efforts have manifested rewards and blessings for you on many levels. Accept them with",", and in keeping with the laws of giving and receiving, share your abundance with others."]
["Angel Number 681 indicates that the efforts you have exerted towards bettering your life and being true to yourself have ensured that you will attract the energies and items that you need in order to excel. Your positive thoughts,","and prayers will manifest as inspired ideas which are to be acted upon, therefore, listen to your intuition and","and take positive action in the direction of your",". Have no fear of lack or loss as the","will see to it that you are safe and protected in all ways. Keep your thoughts and mind-set positive to continue the supply of abundance and personal success and fulfilment in your life."]
["Angel Number 681 is also","that your material possessions and your life in general are in need of de-cluttering. Get rid of the ‘old’ that no longer positively serves you, to make way for the ‘new’. If you have intentions of selling something of material value, Angel Number 681 may be indicating that the items/s will leave your life quickly and easily and exciting ‘new’ will enter to take its place."]
["Move forward with courage and tenacity and trust that your choices and actions are the right ones for you. Trust your own intuition and","and take action accordingly."]
["Number 681 relates to","(6+8+1=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
