"Number 2139 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and influences of number 3 and number 9."
"Number 2"
["adds its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach, action, motivation, striving forward and progress. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 3"
["brings its vibrations of growth, expansion and the principles of increase,",", sensitivity, self-expression and communication, creativity, joy and optimism. Number 3 also relates to the","."]
"Number 9"
["relates to leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, and endings, closures and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",", the concept of","and the","(Cause and Effect).","Angel Number 2139 brings a message from your","and the","that you are to use your natural skills, talents and communication skills to help and assist others as you pursue your",". Help others by living as a positive example and shining your love and light out to the world. Always choose the path where you can do the most good in the world and have faith in your natural","talents and abilities. Trust the","in all aspects to do with your","as they know and see your life mission from a higher perspective and their guidance and directions come from a place of love, light and wisdom. Serve your","mission with faith, confidence, trust and wisdom by living your life as a positive example to others.","Angel Number 2139 brings motivation and inspiration to finish a project that you have been procrastinating over, and also tells you to let go of things that no longer positively serve you in order to make room for new aspirations and acquisitions."]
["Number 2139 relates to","(2+1+3+9=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
["If you have been feeling that some part of your life is drawing to a close, Angel Number 2139 is validation for you. This closure and conclusion will mean that significant positive changes will take place and/or wonderful new beginnings are on the horizon. Let the ‘old’ go with love and","for the service it gave you, and welcome the ‘new’ into your life with optimism and enthusiasm."]
