["Number 3179 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 3 and number 1, and the vibrations and qualities of number 7 and number 9.","is related to growth and expansion, affability, enthusiasm, spontaneity and broadmindedness, optimism and joy, natural talent and skills, creativity,",", self-expression and communication. Number 3 is also associated with the energies of the",".","resonates with independence and uniqueness, striving forward and new beginnings, motivation, assertiveness and action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 brings a reminder that","and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","relates to feelings and emotions,","and",", persistence of purpose and determination, contemplation and introspection, discernment and positive intentions,","and",", higher-learning and research.","encourages setting a positive example for others,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, generosity and benevolence, influence, an expansive viewpoint, and endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the","."]
"Angel Number 3179 encourages you to ask yourself, “What am I doing in my life now that is not moving me forward?” Releasing and letting go of old habits that no longer positively serve you will allow for fresh new energies to enter your life that will propel you along your spiritual, life path. The need to feel in control of all around you may be preventing you from trying anything new. Your angels encourage you to be open to new opportunities that are coming your way, and look upon obstacles and challenges as opportunities for you to learn, grow and prosper."
"Angel Number 3179 encourages you to consider all aspects of your life and pinpoint areas that do not (or no longer) resonate with you and your highest good. For example, is your job beneficial to you and does it serve your soul, or is it a means to an end and nothing more? How much of your time, effort and energy goes towards activities that do not bring you satisfaction and joy? Do not fear changing your career (or any other aspect of your life) and pursuing a more meaningful and heart-felt direction. Detach from material rewards and others’ expectations of you, and do what resonates with who you truly are and with what makes your heart sing."
"Release your fears of failure (or success), be open to your Divine potential, be motivated by love and light, and radiate Divine light and love to all around you."
["Number 3179 relates to","(3+1+7+9=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
