"Number 1974 is a compilation of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 9, and the attributes and qualities of number 7 and number 4."
"Number 1"
["lends its vibrations of new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving for success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with",", leading by positive example, philanthropy and humanitarianism, generosity and benevolence, strength of character and a higher perspective, the","and the concepts of","and",". Number 9 also resonates with endings and conclusions."]
"Number 7"
["relates to determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, thoughtfulness, understanding the self and others,",",","and",", mysticism,","and",". Number 7 also relates to study, education and learning."]
"Number 4"
["promotes patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and resonates with the energies of the",".","Angel Number 1974 indicates that your ideas, thoughts, promptings and actions to do with your soul mission and life path have been angelically guided. You are encouraged to focus your thoughts and intentions on completing an important task that is close to your heart as this venture or task is an important step in your life path and must come to conclusion in order to clear the way for a new opportunity to take its place. Take the time to consider both your long and short-term goals and think of ways to advance yourself along your path. There may be some additional education, research or study to be done or steps that need to be taken in order for you to achieve success. Consider your options, make a plan and put your ideas into positive action."]
["When working with your","be open to how the angelic assistance will happen and release any expectations you may have. Simply relax and enjoy the benefits from the process, rather than worry about it is taking place. Sometimes, the answer or response to your request for help and","may come in the form of a vivid dream, a brilliant new idea or concept, or book or song coming to your attention. You are never alone as your guardian angels and","are always with you, waiting to help, guide and assist you. Trust the signs and signals and your own intuitive knowing.","Angel Number 1974 may also be a message that you need to spend more time and effort on your personal interests and passions. Spiritual study is an effective way to help you to find deeper meaning and connection to your inner-self, and who you truly are. Be true to yourself and what drives you."]
["Number 1974 relates to","(1+9+7+4=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
