["Number 2172 relates to","(2+1+7+2=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"Number 2172 brings together the energies of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the vibrations of number 1, and the attributes of number 7."
"Number 2"
["brings balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, diplomacy and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and pursuing your Divine","and","."]
"Number 1"
["promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, striving forward and pursuing goals, and","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with Universal Energies, determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, inner-strength and inner-knowing, research, study and learning,","and awareness, mysticism,","and",".","Angel Number 2172 brings a message of faith and self-belief. Your intuitive messages and your inner-promptings are direct messages about your","and your","and","encourage you to follow the guidance and directions given and trust that you are fully supported in your endeavours. Step forward on your life path with confidence and grace, maintain a","and perspective and trust that all is working out for your highest good. Follow your intuition and continue to pursue your passions and","safe in the knowledge that you are on your Divine right path.","Angel Number 2172 is","that you are being assisted and guided so listen clearly to your intuition as you are currently receiving directions as to the next steps to take along your spiritual path. Your","encourage you to follow the guidance given and trust that you are fully supported in your spiritual endeavours.","Angel Number 2172 may also be","that positive news and/or information will come to you in the very near future and this may be something that you have been waiting to hear or know for some time. Take this new information and/or knowledge and use it to the advantage of yourself and others."]
