"Number 995 is made up of the vibrations and attributes of number 9 and number 5, with number 9 appearing twice, magnifying its influences."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["represents the fullness of your humanity and human experience, encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom,","and important changes, variety and versatility, adaptability, resourcefulness, opportunities, motivation and progress."]
["Angel Number 995 brings","that the repetitive thoughts, ideas and promptings you have been experiencing are giving you clear guidance as to the next steps to take along your path. This may include changing certain aspects of your life and/or lifestyle, and/or letting go of situations (or people) that no longer serve your highest good. Look closely at situations in your life that may not be as you would like or are not working for you, and either find ways to suitably adjust them or decide if it is time to bring closure to the situation/s. Now is the time to","what needs to leave your life and what (and who) can stay. Know that you have the power within you to change anything in your life that does not resonate with you and/or that may be out of balance. Analyse your life’s priorities and","that reflect your true values and belief systems and take charge of your life in all ways."]
"Follow your own intuition and"
"and have the courage to live your own truths. Remember that your unique"
"is your path only, and it is up to you to live your life to its highest potential. Focus on your own life and serve your"
"with passion and wisdom each step of the way. Live your personal truths and serve your spiritual"
"with faith, self-belief and enthusiasm."
["Angel Number 995 also indicates that changes are taking place and new is entering your life to replace the old and out-dated. These changes will be positive, pleasing and of long-term benefit to yourself and others and you are encouraged to make the most of them. Let the old out of your life with love and","for the service it provided you."]
["Number 995 relates to","(9+9+5=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
