["Number 1258 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 and number 2, and the energies of number 5 and number 8.","promotes courage, creation and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, inspiration and initiative, achievement and success.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its vibrations of service to others, insight and intuition, co-operation and adaptability, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, and your","and",".","encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom,","and important changes, variety and versatility, motivation, adaptability, resourcefulness, activity and progress.","relates to the vibrations of",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, self-confidence and personal authority, giving and receiving,","and intelligence. Number 8 is also the number of",", the","."]
["Angel Number 1258 is","that your financial circumstances are going through positive changes and you can expect to see an increase in your income earning capacities. Opportunities such as promotion and/or career change, or a money-making venture or project may present itself. It may even come through a windfall, pay-out or inheritance of sorts."]
["Angel Number 1258 encourages you to maintain a","about the financial changes in your life, as you","to further advance your career and/or your income earning abilities. You may even be in line for a promotion, new job, a win or a bonus of some kind.",", and remember that the more you have, the more you have to share. Your","want you to know that you now are reaping karmic rewards."]
["Be open and receptive to new avenues of income. If you have been feeling the urge to begin (or expand) a",", the angels suggest that now would be a great time to take positive action in that direction. Trust that the","will ensure that things will go smoothly for you, and all that you need will be supplied so that you can successfully serve and fulfill your","and destiny."]
["Number 1258 relates to","(1+2+5+8=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
