["Number 1676 is a blend of the energies of number 1, the attributes of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 7.","resonates with creativity and creation, new beginnings and taking different directions, motivation and progress, self-reliance, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration. It also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service and domesticity, home and family, love and nurturing, the ability to compromise, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles.","resonates with the Universal Energies, the mystical and esoteric, determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, study and learning, introspection and reflection,",",","and",",","and","."]
["Angel Number 1676 is","that you are heading in the right direction and you are encouraged to hold a positive vision of your desired results and outcomes. New psychic and spiritual experiences are changing the way that you view yourself and the world around you and you are encouraged to study and do research on a topic (or topics) of interest as this will help you with your personal growth, development and","."]
["Angel Number 1676 brings a message of reassurance that all you need, including love, support, positive energy and guidance will be readily supplied by the","and the Universe as you serve your Divine",". Continue on your current path safe in the knowledge that all is well and you are doing a fantastic job on all levels. Use","and","to","and maintain a steady supply of","in your life and allow your","to expand through","and prayer. The","will guide and help you with all that you need to learn, grow and advance in all ways."]
"Take the time and effort to look after yourself in every way. The healthier your physical body is, the easier it is to connection intuitively and heighten your awareness of angelic and spiritual energies."
["Number 1676 relates to","(1+6+7+6=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
