["Number 1049 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 1, number 0, number 4 and number 9.","brings its vibrations of seeking happiness, attainment"]
["and fulfilment, new beginnings and fresh ideas, striving forward to achieve goals and aspirations.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our"]
"beliefs, thoughts and actions."
["is a message to do with","and"]
"is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and"
"highlights the"
"uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as"
"this is where you will find your answers.  Number 0 carries the"
"vibration of the ‘God force’"
"and Universal Energies, and its energies emphasize and amplify the attributes of the"
"numbers it appears with."
"resonates with service and duty, patience and application, establishing solid foundations, ability and stability, system and order,"
["progress and achieving goals.  Number 4 relates to our passion and drive in life.","resonates with","and service to humanity, philanthropy and"]
["benevolence, leading by positive example,","and",", idealism and problem-solving.  Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."]
"Repeating Angel Number 1049 can be a message that your angels are with you as you step through a new door of opportunity. Your angels ask that you focus on your"
["goals, aspirations and",", and remember to","and assistance along the way."]
"Angel Number 1049 is a message from your angels to pay attention to your recurring thoughts, ideas and impulses, as they are guiding you towards the next steps along"
"your spiritual path. Trust the intuitive messages you are receiving at this time as they hold the answers to your prayers."
["Angel Number 1049 is a message that the financial aspects of your life will be taken care of as you pursue","and",".  The steps you’ve put into"]
"place have paved the way to success."
"Angel Number 1049 tells you that when you take excellent care of yourself, everybody benefits.  Take the time to give yourself a relaxing treat to soothe the mind, body"
"and soul."
["Number 1049 relates to","(1+0+4+9=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 149"
