["Number 2049 relates to","(2+0+4+9=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"Number 2049 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of number 2 and number 0, and the energies and influences of number 4 and number 9."
"Number 2"
["resonates with finding balance and harmony, faith and trust, grace and devotion, encouragement and support, partnerships and relationships, and serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["vibrates to the ‘God’ force and Universal Energies (or Source), and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point."]
"Number 4"
["relates to working steadily towards goals and aspirations, practicality and patience, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with the",", leading life as a positive example for others, compassion and empathy, benevolence and generosity, service to humanity and",". Number 9 also relates to endings, conclusions and closure.","Angel Number 2049 suggests that you have been receiving intuitive and","about your","through your thoughts, feelings, visions and urgings, and your","ask that you trust these messages and take positive action. You may feel prompted to be of service to others and humanity as a whole, and you are encouraged to follow this path. You have all the skills and talents you need to fulfil your","mission and only you can fulfil your spiritual destiny.","Angel Number 2049 may also indicate that a cycle or phase is coming to an end, or it is time to be finished with a situation that no longer positively serves you. Your","encourage you to not feel fear as these endings and conclusions will lead to auspicious new beginnings and opportunities for you. As with all endings, it is the beginning of something new and as one door closes, another opens for you. Take the lessons from the experiences and use them to your future advantage. Your","ask that you focus on your goals, aspirations and",", and know that they are with you as you let go of the old and prepare to step through a new door of opportunity.","Make the effort to spend time alone with yourself and your thoughts and feelings as this allows your inner-self to come to the fore and your","to be heard, bringing clarity. Once you begin to see with clarity the things in your life that no longer serve you, the easier it will be for you to eliminate them from your life once and for all."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
