["Number 1469 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 6 and number 9.","resonates with"]
"the vibrations of showing initiative and tenacity, new beginnings and striving forward, pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance and personal strength."
["Number 1 tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","brings its influences of patience, practicality and application, hard"]
"work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive and"
["passion in life and the energies of the",".","adds its attributes of love of home, family and domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others"]
["and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, compromise, care and nurturing.","resonates with"]
[", humanitarianism and",",","and the",", altruism and benevolence, and leading by"]
"positive example.  Number 9 also relates to endings, closures and conclusions."
"Angel Number 1469 is a message to stop procrastinating and get on with things. It is time for you to detach yourself from your old and outdated material possessions and"
"items and ‘let go’ and ‘release the old’.  It is a message that assures you that whatever leaves your life at this time will be replaced with ‘new’ and ‘better’.  Be open to"
"receiving all that you deserve as you are ready for an upgrade in your life."
["Angel Number 1469 indicates that the angels are helping you with your material and monetary needs as you focus upon your life path and",".  Give the"]
"any worries or concerns you may have and allow them to alleviate your fears and heal and transmute them.  Trust that as you work for the highest good for yourself and"
["others you automatically","your ‘good’.  Be open to receiving help and assistance (of all kinds) that will sustain and maintain you along your path. The angels"]
["give you courage and clarity about your","destiny."]
"In order to manifest a happier life, the angels encourage you to be clear about what you want and need;  ask for what you want and need (be specific in your request);"
"believe that it is on the way into your life;  live in a state of gratitude;  and be open to receive what arrives and accept that it is in your highest interest and good."
["Number 1469 relates to","(1+4+6+9=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
