"Number 1961 is a blend of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and vibrations of number 9 and number 6."
"Number 1"
["relates to new beginnings and starting afresh, creation and projects, pioneering and progress, self-reliance and taking action, initiative, intentions and innovation, attainment and fulfilment. Number 1 also reminds us that","and experiences with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["carries the energies of leadership and inner-strength, humility and humanitarianism, endings and conclusions, charity, altruism and benevolence, the",", fulfilling your",",",",","and","."]
"Number 6"
["brings its attributes of providing for home and family and the material aspects of life, responsibility, adjustment, finding solutions, grace and dignity, co-operation and compromise, and unconditional love.","Angel Number 1961 encourages you to maintain a","about the purpose of your ‘being’, and follow the guidance sent to you along the way. Trust the messages you have been receiving as they are guiding you towards new beginnings and opportunities that will assist you with serving your",". Your","encourage and support you and are with you every step of the way along your spiritual path. You will have all that you need in every way in order to walk your path with confidence and self-belief. Remember to love yourself as you send love and healing out to others, and let your inner light shine brightly in order to illuminate the way for others.","Angel Number 1961 brings a message to stay focused on your life path and","and trust that in doing so you are leading and teaching others by being a living positive example. Your","ask you to use your","and talents to create opportunities to connect, share and teach others.","Show your initiative and be a leader within your own home, work and surrounds. Set a positive example of how you wish your life to be, then believe, act, and live accordingly. Be loving, kind, open-minded and accepting towards others and you will receive those same responses from others in kind. Treat yourself and others with respect and love and be a shining example of how to be."]
["Number 1961 relates to","(1+9+6+1=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
