"About 16 years ago, while studying Numerology and mediumship, I was intuitively told by my guides and angels that I would be writing a book about numbers. At the time I had no idea how (or why) that would come about ... but trusted the messages nonetheless."
"Within a few weeks of the first messages coming through, I began receiving messages and information about repeating number sequences and the spiritual meaning and message of each number.  I dutifully began writing down notes one by one as they were 'told' to me."
"Throughout the last 16 years I have gathered all the information to produce this site ... which is in no way near finished, and I work on it every day."
"I have been asked many times when I intend to publish into book form ..."
"Each and every time I have looked into publishing the Angel Numbers into ebook and paperback formats, my angels tell me to 'wait for the right publisher' and I have been assured that in time this will happen.  I am waiting patiently but I am in no rush whatsoever. I receive many emails each day asking if there is a book available, and if so, where can it be bought."
"And the simple answer is that when the timing is right the 'right publisher' will present, and the book will then be published and readily available."
"It is not a case of me not 'finding' the right publisher. It is about the messages received very very clearly from my angels about the 'right publisher' approaching me. So far, many mainstream publishers have approached and requested to publish the book, and some 'self-publishing' companies have contacted me, but they have not been the 'right' ones. I will receive a very clear message and will KNOW when it is to happen and with whom."
"I am more focused upon getting the messages onto the site than I am on quickly publishing book/s that are not yet ready to be published."
"It would be remiss of me to advise others to listen to their intuition and the messages from their angels, yet to ignore my own, so I patiently wait. And again, I am in no rush or hurry."
"In a nutshell, it is not about money (or lackthereof) ... it is about going about it the right way in the right time."
"(On another note, if you can learn and understand the different energies and influences of each number, 0 to 9 and what they mean to you personally,"
["(see:",")","and listen to your own intuition and inner-knowing, there would be no need for a guide or book or anything else as it would become intuitive knowledge. The numbers then become more personalized for YOU as it is you who is making the connection and receiving direct messages for your own situation, circumstance, life etc.)"]
"In the meantime, I do hope that you resonate with the meanings and messages as they are freely presented on this site."
"I do recommend that if you are drawn to a particular number/s, take the time and effort to read the comments from others as you may just find that little spark of resonance, insight and inner-knowing in the reading of other's personal experiences and findings. I thank ALL who bravely contribute in the comments section as within their words they too are teaching and enlightening others."
["(... and y",")"]
"Blessings, Love and Light,"
"Victoria   Australia"
"sacredscribes@gmail.com"
"**"
"My primary intention is to make inspiring and uplifting spiritual information freely and conveniently available to all who seek it.  Keeping it all running, however, does take up a great deal of my resources – time, energy and money. I rely upon the financial support of those willing and able to help me operate and grow this site. Therefore, if you wish to contribute to the energy exchange, you are most welcome."
["If you enjoy the service I provide and would like to assist me with a financial contribution, donations/gifts can be sent to","via PayPal. I use PayPal as my secure payment provider, but they can also process credit card payments."]
"Thank you in advance for your continuing support!"
"Victoria  Australia"
