"Number 2472 is a compilation of the energies of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the attributes of number 4, and the qualities of number 2."
"Number 2"
["relates to service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, relationships and partnerships, and pursuing your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["brings its vibrations of honesty and integrity, traditional values, hard work and responsibility, practicality and application, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and the energies of the","."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with determination and persistence of purpose, finding peace, faith and spirituality, inner-strength and",",","and",",","and",", and study, research and learning.","Angel Number 2472 tells you that you are exactly where you are meant to be upon your spiritual path at this time, so do not allow frustrations to hinder or disempower you. They are not set-backs, but are plateaus enabling you to assess where you are on your current path and where you wish to be. Be patient with yourself and you will find that opportunities to advance will appear when the timing is right."]
["Angel Number 2472 indicates that it is time to take your next steps upon your spiritual path and pursue your spiritual goals and aspirations. Focus upon your spiritual growth to reach new levels of awareness and trust yourself to safely navigate unchartered territory. Positive thought and action opens the door to spiritual growth and brings balance and contentment to your life. You have an important","and life purpose that involves communicating, teaching and healing others and serving humanity in a manner that suits you best. You are encouraged to set a positive example for others and inspire them to seek their own passion and","in life.","Take care of your body, mind and spirit and find renewed balance, harmony and well-being."]
["Number 2472 relates to","(2+4+7+2=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
