["Number 2804 brings together the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 8, the influences of number 0, and the energies of number 4.","is the number of faith and trust, service to others, finding balance and harmony, understanding, diplomacy and mediation, selflessness, love, encouragement and happiness. Number 2 also resonates with serving your","and",".","resonates with",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, giving and receiving,","and intelligence. Number 8 also relates to the concept of",", the",".","represents the Universal Energies, the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with.","is associated with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 2804 resonates with establishing solid foundations, focusing upon achieving goals and aspirations, and having faith in yourself and your own inner-knowing. Set your own standards and do not allow others to make your choices and decisions for you. Believe what your heart tells you, not what others tell you."
["If you are feeling inclined to begin, pursue or expand a",", or heart-based venture or project, Angel Number 2804 can suggest that it is an auspicious time to begin, and you will find long-term success and personal fulfilment as you help others and serve your","."]
["Be open to the","and","and take the necessary steps to achieve your desired results and outcomes on all levels and in all ways. Your patience, positive work and good intentions will reap rewards of many kinds into your life and your angels and spirit guides encourage you to find balance in all that you do and expect continued blessings of all kinds."]
"“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.”  -  Ralph Waldo Emerson"
["Number 2804 relates to","(2+8+0+4=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
