["Number 1613 is a combination of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and vibrations of number 6 and number 3.","resonates with the attributes of showing initiative and tenacity, new beginnings and striving forward, pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance and personal strength.  Number 1 tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","relates to the monetary and material aspects of life, providing and provision, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others, simplicity, problem-solving, reliability and responsibility, and the ability to compromise.","adds its energies of self-expression and communication, enlivenment, support and encouragement, talents and skills, enthusiasm and joy.  Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",". The Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","The Ascended Masters help you to find clarity, peace and love within."]
["Angel Number 1613 suggests that your prayers have been heard and you are receiving assistance and","and Masters via your intuition and gut feelings.  Your","are working closely with you in regards to the material and financial aspects of your day-to-day life and are ensuring that all runs according to plan and that your material needs are met as you live and",". Listen to the promptings of your inner-self and take positive action as guided. Let go of any worries and anxieties you may have and allow the angels to transmute and heal them. Ensure that you keep your thoughts and mind-set positive and optimistic in order to","."]
"Angel Number 1613 encourages you to shift your focus from the material aspects of your world to your inner-spirituality and to what you really want to do with your life. It asks you to be true to yourself and not fear stepping out of your comfort zone to make full use of your natural skills and talents in positive and uplifting ways. Listen to your intuitive messages and take on new ventures and/or projects with enthusiasm and optimism."
"We have a responsibility to be attentive to the inner-guidance we receive in our heart of hearts because it may not only serve ourselves, but others."
["Number 1613 relates to","and","on the higher plane (1+6+1+3=11, 1+1=2) and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
