"Number 2104 brings together the vibrations and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the energies and influences of number 0 and number 4."
"Number 2"
["brings its vibrations of faith and trust, service to others, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and mediation, support and encouragement, and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with creativity and creation, new beginnings and taking different directions, motivation and progress, self-reliance, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, and also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 0"
["amplifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with and resonates with eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and","."]
"Number 4"
["adds its attributes of effort and will, patience and persistence, realistic values, ability and stability, service and devotion, practicality and responsibility, building solid foundations and achieving positive results. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the",".","Angel Number 2104 encourages you to reassess all aspects of your work life and daily routine in particular, and look for ways to streamline or cut back on unnecessary time wasting or procrastinating habits. Set your goals then take action to achieve them. Do not second-guess yourself when you know that your plans are solid and your goals are achievable. Take balanced, considered steps and you will be most pleased with all that you are able to achieve."]
["Angel Number 2104 suggests that you may have to put some hard work and effort towards a new project, venture or important life-change. Trust that the work and effort you put towards achieving your goals and aspirations will be well worth your while and you will find long-term success and personal fulfilment. Keep up your current momentum and continue to rely upon your intuition and your","when you need help with direction, ideas and guidance. Trust the promptings of your inner-self to pursue your passions and","and your patience, hard work and diligence will pay long-term rewards.","If you are really willing to do the work you can and will make incredible changes to your life. Use your mind to take charge of your life as your thoughts have a creative force that attracts your experiences into your life. Your power comes from taking responsibility for your thoughts, beliefs, actions and your entire life in general."]
["Number 2104 relates to","(2+1+0+4=7) and","."]
