["Number 1694 is made up of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 6, and the attributes and influences of number 9 and number 4.","promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and will power. Number 1 reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones in order to pursue our passions.","relates to home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing.","resonates with","and",", humanitarianism and serving your","as a",", the concept of","and the",", altruism and benevolence, non-conformity, leading others by positive example.","brings the energies of working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also relates to the energy of the","."]
["Angel Number 1694 asks you to put your efforts, energy and focus towards serving your",". You are being helped and","in regards to the next steps to take along your path and all you will ever need in your daily life will be supplied for you. Your home, family and material aspects will be provided for.Give the","any worries or concerns you may have and allow them to alleviate your fears and heal and transmute them.  Trust that as you work for the highest good for yourself and others you automatically","your ‘good’. Be open to receiving help and assistance (of all kinds) that will sustain and maintain you along your path. The angels give you courage and clarity about your","destiny and any issues or hinderances will be solved and obstacles overcome."]
["Angel Number 1694 tells of reaping material rewards and benefits for good work well done. It urges you to continue on your current path as you are achieving and succeeding in many ways in your life.","that you are willing to be open to the","and prosperity that is readily available to you."]
["Angel Number 1694 is","to pay attention to your recurring thoughts, ideas and impulses, as they are guiding you towards the next steps along your spiritual path. Trust the intuitive messages you have been receiving as they hold the answers to your prayers."]
["Number 1694 relates to","(1+6+9+4=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
