"Number 2340 is a blend of the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 3, the energies of number 4, and the influences of number 0."
"Number 2"
["denotes finding balance and harmony within, love and support, diplomacy and co-operation, relationships and partnerships, insight and listening to your intuitive insights. Number 2 also relates to your faith and trust and serving your","."]
"Number 3"
["relates to optimism and enthusiasm, inspiration and creativity, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, expansion and growth, charisma and excellent communication skills. Number 3 also relates to the",". The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","."]
"Number 4"
["tells of working steadily, patiently and diligently towards achieving goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
"Number 0"
["relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with.","Angel Number 2340 is a message to keep up the good work you have been doing in your life on all levels. You have shown patience and wisdom in your dealings with others and have established solid foundations from which to propel yourself forward in your desired direction/s. Take the time to",", connect and communicate with the angelic and spiritual realms to find balance and clarity, and expect wonderful blessings as you deserve  them. Trust that your prayers and","will be heard and responded to by the",",","and",".","Angel Number 2340 encourages you to keep up your current momentum and rely upon your intuition and your","when you need help with direction, ideas and guidance. Continue to put your will and efforts towards living your truths and walking your spiritual path, safe in the knowledge that the",",","and","are guiding, assisting and supporting you every step of the way. Take notice of the strong, repetitive impressions that come to you through your feelings, thoughts and visions as these are direct messages.","Angel Number 2340 encourages you to trust the promptings of your inner-self to pursue your passions and",". Use","and keep a","about your life and destiny and maintain a strong connection with the","to ensure continued",", guidance and direction. Be open to receiving and accepting your ‘good’ and use it to advance you along your path."]
["Number 2340 relates to","(2+3+4+0=9) and","."]
