["Number 1461 is made up of the attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies and vibrations of number 4 and number 6.","brings its energies of creation and new beginnings, progress and motivation, striving forward, inspiration, achieving success and fulfilment.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the",".","relates to material possessions, status and the monetary aspects of life, service and domesticity, home and family, love and nurturing, problem-solving and solution-finding, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity."]
["Angel Number 1461 is","that your material and physical needs will be met and all you need will manifest into your life.  Trust that your",",","and","methods are having positive effects in your life, and your angels urge you to continue with your optimistic outlook and high expectations. Angel Number 1461 encourages you to keep striving ahead, and don’t take ‘no’ for an answer.  Expect miraculous answers and solutions to appear as you need them."]
["Angel Number 1461 is a message that the determined effort and will you have exerted towards achieving your personal goals and","have ensured that your monetary and material needs will be met.  Maintain a","and outlook to encourage a continued stream of abundance in your life.  Have no fear of lack or loss as the angels will see to it that you are safe and protected.  Keep up the great work you are doing."]
["Angel Number 1461 asks you to release any feelings or fears of loss or lack and trust that your monetary issues will be sorted for your highest good and you will have all that need, when you need it.  Do not fear striving ahead towards your goals, as success is assured. Keep a positive and optimistic attitude and outlook and","and appreciative for all that you have, and all you are yet to receive."]
["The timing is right to take on new ventures and opportunities that see you pursuing your goals and aspirations and",".  Your success is guaranteed."]
["Number 1461 relates to","(1+4+5+1+12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
