["Number 2679 brings together the energies of number 2, the attributes of number 6, the vibrations of number 7 and the influences of number 9.","relates to balance and harmony, encouragement and support, faith and trust, diplomacy and co-operation, insightfulness, ambition, sensitivity, relationships and partnerships, and pursuing your","and",".","brings the energies of providing and provision, possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service and domesticity, love of home and family, caring and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity,","and",", problem-solving and solution-finding.","resonates with","and awareness, Divine wisdom and intelligence, intuition and",",","and",", mysticism and the esoteric, determination and persistence of purpose.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, the concept of",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, altruism and",". Number 9 encourages you to use your natural abilities to illuminate the way for others to follow."]
"Angel Number 2679 relates to spiritual focus, trust, joy, new insights, and endings leading to new beginnings. Now would be a good time to create new habits for yourself and break old unhealthy ones. Take the time to evaluate and"
"what is working for you in your life, and what is not. Ask yourself honestly and you will receive a clear answer as to whether to move forward or move on from a situation or relationship. Be clear about it, be brave and make changes that will make your life more suited to the real, authentic you. Your power lies in the here and now, so make the changes that you know you need to."
"Part of your spiritual destiny is to govern and lead others wisely. Show compassion, be caring and loving, and do what you can for the good of others. Be kind, generous and giving. There are countless people and animals far less fortunate that would benefit greatly from even the smallest gift of your spirit, your time and/or your resources. Share what you can with others who need it and you will feel the blessings that come from giving. You will benefit yourself and others immeasurably."
["Number 2679 relates to","(2+6+7+9=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
