"Number 1416 is a combination of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations and attributes of number 4 and number 6."
"promotes changes, new beginnings and projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and tenacity, ambition and will"
["power.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to step in the direction of our desires."]
"resonates with building solid foundations, hard work and effort, stability and practicality, system and order, patience, dependability, our passion and drive, working"
["determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations and achieving success.  Number 4 is also the number of the",".","relates to love of home"]
"and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, and providing for the self and others.  Number 6 also resonates with"
"personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."
["Angel Number 1416 is","that your prayers and","will help to improve all circumstances and situations in your life.  The"]
"angels are helping you to clear away and heal anxieties, concerns and limiting belief-patterns in regards to your material and monetary issues.  Stay focused upon your"
["life’s work and","and you will","an abundant supply and all of your monetary and material needs will be met.  Stay positive in attitude and outlook to"]
["rapidly","positive outcomes and results.  Let go of fears and allow","to freely enter your life.  You deserve it."]
"Angel Number 1416 suggests that the hard work and effort you have put into your endeavours will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones, and you are"
"encouraged to keep up the great work.  Know that your needs will be met due to your diligence and determination to achieve and succeed.  Give any anxieties or worries"
"to your angels, and focus your energies upon your soul urgings and pursuing your Divine life purpose."
"Listen to your inner-voice, trusts its wisdom, then put that wisdom into effect."
["Number 1416 relates to","(1+4+1+6=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
