"Number 1998 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1, the attributes of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of number 8."
"Number 1"
["encourages new beginnings, starting new ventures, self-reliance, tenacity, activity, independence, uniqueness, motivation and progress, achievement and attainment. Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["relates to leading others by positive example, humanitarianism and philanthropy, Divine wisdom, generosity and benevolence, strength of character,","and the",", your","and",". Number 9 also relates to conclusions and endings."]
"Number 8"
["resonates with","and personal power,","wealth,","and prosperity, good judgement and discernment, repose, practicality, consideration, achieving success and giving and receiving.","Angel Number 1998 indicates that your prayers have been acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual realms and you are encouraged to follow your passion and","and trust that you will automatically","all that you need to achieve your goals and aspirations. Your","and","regarding your","will bring about opportunities to serve as your soul dictates, so allow blessings to enter your life and use them to your advantage and for the benefit of others. As you serve your","you automatically","‘good’ on all levels."]
["Number 1998 relates to","(1+9+9+8=27. 2+7=9) and","."]
["Angel Number 1998 may also be an indication that a significant phase or cycle is coming to an end in your life, and if you have been feeling a sense of trepidation, anxiety, fear or loss, remember that sometimes feeling lost is the first step to finding yourself and everything in your life happens for a higher purpose. Trust your own feelings and insights, be open to Divine and","and know that wonderful new opportunities are just ahead of you. Be open to the flow of great","in all areas of your life and share that abundance (in all its forms) with others.","Your","encourage you to devote your","services to the world in your very own way, knowing that you are fully supported by the Universe. Live your life with honour and integrity, and stand up for truth and justice. The world needs you."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
