["Number 1684 is a combination of the attributes and vibrations of number 1 and number 6, and the energies and influences of number 8 and number 4.","brings new beginnings and starting afresh, courage, progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, initiative and instinct, finding success and personal fulfilment.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, and nurturing others. Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles.","relates to the vibrations of","wealth and abundance, monetary and business acumen, mastery, self-confidence and personal authority, giving and receiving,","and intelligence. Number 8 is also the number of",", the",".","brings its attributes of working steadily towards goals and aspirations, practicality and patience, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1684 encourages you to trust that you are being surrounded, loved and","as you toil towards achieving your goals and aspirations.  You are","in all forms and all of your needs will be met as you continue along your path. Your patience and persistence are set to bring gains and rewards of many kinds into your life."]
["Angel Number 1684 is a message that your prayers and","have been heard and are being acknowledged and responded to by the",".Trust that all of your needs will be met along your path and your life will be filled with joy and blessings. Accept your just rewards with grace and","."]
"Send healing and loving thoughts to every person in need, every situation of anger or pain, and any place where there is unrest and/or unhappiness. Use your powerful energies to soothe and heal yourself and others."
["Number 1684 relates to","(1+6+8+4=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
