["Number 2173 relates to","(2+1+7+3=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"Number 2173 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and influences of number 7 and number 3."
"Number 2"
["resonates with the attributes of diplomacy and co-operation, balance and harmony, insightfulness, ambition and service to others, sensitivity and adaptability. Number 2 also relates to your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["promotes new beginnings and projects, self-leadership, inner-strength and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and will power, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 7"
["relates to mysticism,",", stability and positive intentions, study, research and education, determination and persistence of purpose, spiritual gifts,","and",", empathy and compassion for others."]
"Number 3"
["brings optimism and enthusiasm, communication and self-expression, inspiration and creativity, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, expansion and growth,",". Number 3 also relates to the","who help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others.","Angel Number 2173 advises that you find balance between your work life, leisure and rest times as relaxing and taking time to meditate assists with","desired results and outcomes in your life. Your mind-set, intentions and efforts in regards to your life path will reap many long-term benefits and rewards so trust that you are on the right path. Stay focused upon your","and trust that the","surround, encourage and support you. Stay open to","along the way.","Angel Number 2173 encourages you to indulge in a hobby, interest, past-time or line of study that ignites your passions and allows your natural creativity to be expressed, as what you create will inspire others. Pay special attention to your",", daydreams, visions, recurring thoughts and feelings as they are guiding you to the next steps to take in your life.","Angel Number 2173 brings a message that it is time to put your creative interests and passions to good use in pursuit of your","and your","encourage you to continually expand and deepen your own understanding of life. The more open-minded you are, the more you learn, grow and change."]
