"Number 1455 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the energies of number 5 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
"promotes positive changes, new beginnings and projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and tenacity, ambition and"
["will power.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to live up to our full potential."]
"relates to working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations. It tells of hard work and effort, building solid foundations, stability and practicality,"
["system and order, dependability, honesty and integrity, and our passion and drive.  Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
"encourages"
["us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom, individuality, learning","through experience,"]
"and important changes, variety and versatility, adaptability, resourcefulness, motivation and progress."
"Angel Number 1455 is a message to put your efforts towards the things in your life that embrace and enhance who you truly are, your lifestyle choices and your life in"
"general.  Be prepared to make necessary changes that will bring auspicious circumstances and opportunities that will advance you along your path and trust that these"
["changes will bring ‘better’ into your life in all ways. Expect great things and","of them when they arrive in your life.  Keep a clear and open"]
"connection with your angels for guidance and support through these changes."
["Angel Number 1455 tells you to maintain a","about the ‘new’ entering your life and keep an open mind as to the opportunities presenting to you."]
"Everything happens for a reason and nothing happens by chance, so although the reason/s for the changes may not be clear at this time, trust that all will fall into place"
"for you in Divine right time. These changes are for your highest good and the long-term results will lead to the answers to your prayers."
"Angel Number 1455 may also suggest that it is a good time to give birth to new ideas, projects, directions and situations in your life, safe in the knowledge that the"
"are guiding, protecting and watching over you during the phase. These changes have come about so that you can break free from old restraints and constraints and"
["freely pursue your","and","as a spiritual being. Listen to your intuition and","for directions and instructions as to your next"]
"steps."
"A positive change and/or addition is coming into your life that will bring love and happiness with it."
["Number 1455 relates to","(1+4+5+5=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
