["Number 2879 is a combination of the vibrations of number 2, the energies of number 8, the qualities of number 7, and the attributes of number 9.","relates to your intuition and insight, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, receptivity and love, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust, and your","and",".","relates to self-reliance, reality,","wealth and",", self-confidence,","and good judgement, achievement, giving and receiving, philanthropy and serving humanity, and","; the",".","resonates with study and learning,","and",", Divine and",", emotions and feelings, contemplation and introspection, mysticism,","and",", persistence of purpose and determination.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, the concept of karma, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["Angel Number 2879 brings a message to ask yourself what you are really doing and why. Assess all in your life and","what resonates with you in positive ways, and what does not. Be respectful of yourself and others and choose to be a positive example of how to be. Look to ways of expanding and expressing your values, principles and inner-truths and you will find that others may follow your lead."]
["Angel Number 2879 can indicate that you have a natural gift for delivering guidance, insight, messages and healing to others, and you are encouraged to look to a","or heart-based venture or service. Share your wisdom and knowledge by writing or speaking about topics that will help others to recognize their own unique pathways in life. Share your truths to enlighten others."]
"Take the time to meditate upon your intentions and soul desires. Your own version of meditating can be anything that allow you to connect to the Divine and find and sit with your inner-self in a place of peace. Cultivate a strong connection between your inner-self and the Universe."
"Make the world shine a little brighter with your love and light."
["Number 2879 relates to","(2+8+7+9=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
