"Number 976 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of numbers 9 and number 7, and the energies of number 6."
["relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, leading life as a positive example, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, humanitarianism and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["resonates with feelings and emotions,","and",", persistence of purpose and determination, contemplation and introspection,","and positive intentions,","and",", higher-learning and research."]
["resonates with home and family, domesticity,","and",", emotional depth, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing, and finding solutions."]
"Angel Number 976 encourages you to recognize and acknowledge all facets of your emotions and feelings as when you face, accept and integrate all parts of yourself you find a new level of inner-peace, balance, wholeness and solidity. Stand in your own power, trust your own inner-knowing, and live your life from your heart. Align your life with your heart, your personal truths and your soul passions and desires."
"Angel Number 976 brings a message to bring an end to situations, circumstances and/or relationships that do not serve your highest good, and release old and out-dated modes of thinking, being and doing. Let go of things that no longer resonate with you and free yourself from old restraints, constraints and restrictions and be true to yourself in every way. Confidently follow the promptings of your intuition and higher-self and make some bold choices in your life."
["Angel Number 976 brings","that your thoughts, visions and intuitive knowing about your","are guiding you in the right direction and you have been following Divine guidance and putting your spiritual knowledge and wisdom into practice as a","."]
"Continue listening to your intuition and the"
"about your"
"or heart-based project or venture."
"Trust that you are fully aligned with your"
"and all of your material needs will be provided for you and your loved ones."
["Number 976 relates to the","( 9+7+6=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
