["Number 1498 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the attributes and influences of number 9 and number 8.","relates to new beginnings, inspiration, action, motivation and progress, raw energy and force, achievement and attainment.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions.","adds practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals, organization and exactitude, loyalty, mastery and building solid foundations. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the",".","adds its influences of leadership and leading by positive example,","and humanitarianism, service to humanity, self-sacrifice and selflessness, an expansive viewpoint, the","and the concept of",".  Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions.","resonates with Divine and",", the",", self-confidence and personal authority, skills and talents, ambition and self-discipline, consideration and good judgement, efficiency and","."]
["Angel Number 1498 encourages you to begin a","(or an occupation or pastime that is of service to others) knowing that you are serving your","as a",".  Your Divine","meshes with your natural talents, abilities and interests, therefore do meaningful work (both paid and un-paid) that makes a positive difference in the world and trust that you have enough time, intelligence, money, creativity and all other resources needed to fulfill your destiny and",".  You are fully supported by the angelic and spiritual realms."]
["Angel Number 1498 is a message that your prayers about money and finances have been heard and acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual realms.  Follow your passion and","and you will automatically","your monetary and material supply.  Your","encourage you to devote your Divine","services to the world in your own powerful ways, knowing that you are fully supported by the Universe. Trust that your wants and needs will be met as you follow your true path and fully","."]
["Angel Number 1498 may also indicate that a significant phase or cycle is ending in your life and this will have a domino-effect in all other areas of your life. These endings will allow for new opportunities to present that will open doors to beneficial new beginnings. This is happening for reasons that will become evident soon.  Be open to your own passions and","as these are positive and productive focal points for you."]
"Reveal and use your personal power in ways that enhance who you are, your confidence and self-esteem and the way you live your life.  Your choices are yours to make."
["Number 1498 relates to","(1+4+9+8=22, 2=2=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
