"Number 814 is a compilation of the vibrations and energies of number 8 and number 1, and the attributes of number 4."
["relates to self-confidence and personal authority,",", higher wisdom, achievement and successes, practicality, consideration, giving and receiving, and serving humanity. Number 8 is also the number of","; the","."]
["resonates with new beginnings, creation, progress, inspiration and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, motivation and progress, striving forward, uniqueness and individuality,",", positivity and activity."]
["is associated with conscientiousness, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 814 indicates that you are fully supported by the Universe, the","and",", and all that you will ever need will be supplied as required. The persistent work and effort you have put towards living your personal truths has ensured that solid foundations have been laid. Give any fears, concerns or worries to the","for healing and transmutation, and stay positive and optimistic in order to","."]
"Angel Number 814 brings a message to spend time re-evaluating your present job/career and decide how healthy and fulfilling it is for you. Other than ‘money’, how does your work nourish and support you, and how do you truly feel about it? Do you feel that you are living your life to your highest potential, doing what you love and enjoying your day to day life? Be honest with yourself. Is it time for a change? If so, take positive action to seek out a more suitable and fulfilling pathway for yourself."
["Angel Number 814 encourages you to have faith and belief in yourself and your ideas and stay focused upon your desired outcomes and aspirations. Use",", follow your intuition, and maintain faith and trust and you can expect well-earned rewards and blessings to enter your life."]
["Number 814 relates to","(8+1+4=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
