"Number 1939 is a blend of the energies of number 1, the vibrations of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 3."
["relates to creation and creativity, ambition, motivation and progress, insight and inspiration, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-leadership and assertiveness. Number 1 encourages us to step forward in our chosen direction and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem-solving, generosity and benevolence, and endings, closure and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",", and your","and",".","adds self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the",", who act as mentors, teaching you the ancient wisdom involved in","your desires."]
["Angel Number 1939 is","that your skills and talents as a","are desperately needed by the world, and you are urged to get to work on your","without delay. Trust your intuition and the","and take action accordingly. Use your natural positive personality traits and","to help, assist and serve others in order to fulfill your","destiny. Give any fears or doubts to the","and ask for support, information, assistance and guidance whenever you feel the need. Your","are standing by awaiting your call."]
["Angel Number 1939 encourages you to pursue your spiritual interests, career and lifestyle  choices.  If you are considering beginning or expanding a",", now is a suitable time to take on this endeavour. Using your natural","abilities and talents, and living your life as a positive example for others to learn from are important aspects of your",".","when feeling the need for concise help and/or direction."]
["Angel Number 1939 also asks you to release and let go of any situations in your life that are no longer positively serving you, and do not cling to situations (or people) out of fear of lack or loss. Trust that the","are overseeing your","and path and they are encouraging you to maintain a","and mind-set in regards to yourself, your life path and your future. Do not allow any negativity to hinder your","."]
"Angel Number 1939 encourages you to communicate your feelings and truths openly, and express yourself with integrity and assertiveness. Your voice matters."
["Number 1939 relates to the","(1+9+3+9=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
