["Number 1528 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 5, and the vibrations and influences of number 2 and number 8.","brings positivity, creation and new beginnings, motivation, striving forward and progress, ambition and success self-leadership, assertiveness and attainment.  Number 1 also relates to","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with the vibrations of service to others, insight and intuition, co-operation and adaptability, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, and","and",".","encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom,","and important changes, variety and versatility, motivation, adaptability, resourcefulness, activity and progress. Number 5 is also the number of learning","through experience.","relates to the energies of",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, self-confidence and personal authority, giving and receiving,","and intelligence.  Number 8 is also the number of",", the","."]
["Angel Number 1528 encourages you to maintain a","about the financial changes taking place in your life, as you manifest opportunities to further advance your career and/or your income earning abilities.  If you have been feeling the urge to begin (or expand)",", the angels suggest that now would be a great time to take positive action in that direction.  Trust that the","will ensure that things will go smoothly for you, and all that you need will be supplied in Divine right time so that you can successfully serve and fulfill your","and destiny."]
["Angel Number 1528 suggests that you take the time to","and listen to your intuitive messages as the angels are guiding you through important changes and are leading you towards wonderful new beginnings and opportunities.  Trust that all is going to Divine plan in your life and you are fully supported in every way.  Staying positive and expressing","and appreciation will ensure further abundance."]
"It is time for you to stop trying to please others and live up to their expectations.  Live up to your own expectations and have the courage to live your life according to your own truths, values and principles. See yourself as a loving person who is free to express interest, respect and honesty in all of your encounters with others."
["Number 1528 relates to","(1+5+2+8=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
