["Number 1982 relates to","(1+9+8+2=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"Number 1982 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 9, and the vibrations and qualities of number 8 and number 2."
"Number 1"
["brings courage, progress, will-power and free-will, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, finding success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, selflessness, destiny and",", a higher perspective, generosity and benevolence, and endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the","."]
"Number 8"
["relates to the concept of","and the",",",", personal power and authority, decisiveness, control, good judgement and discernment,","material freedom and",", dependability and self-confidence."]
"Number 2"
["adds its vibrations of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, service to others, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and serving your","and",".","Angel Number 1982 encourages you to step into your own power and live your life according to your own values and principles. Listen to your own","and your true heart’s desires and be true to yourself. Your life is yours to live, and your","and destiny are yours to fulfill. The examples you are setting by living your truths is encouraging and teaching others to follow your lead. Your","encourage you to live your life with passion and purpose and trust that you will be totally supported and","and the Universe throughout your daily life. Keep up your great",".","Angel Number 1982 encourages you to find balance in your material and spiritual worlds and use your natural abilities to","and prosperity so that you can share it with those who need it. Have faith and trust that you will always have plenty to care for yourself and your loved ones as the","and Universal Energies will ensure that your material needs are always met in Divine right time. Know that you are able to confidently serve your","and",", with your wants and needs being met along the way.","We all wish to exercise our free-will and experience happiness. Your free-will depends upon the knowledge you have of your own power. Your happiness depends upon the love that you give and receive. Serve others with love and","and be ready and willing to receive love and","in kind. Joyfully serving assists both yourself and others."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
