["Number 1343 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 and number 3 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the energies of number 4.","brings with it the attributes of initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. They help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".  Number 3 resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills,",".","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity,",", and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose in life, and resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1343 is",", the","that they are with you  -  always.  Know that these powerful spiritual beings are available to you for guidance, support, love and encouragement.  You have toiled long and hard and your angels want you to know that you have successfully manifested prosperity and abundance in your life.  Be open to receiving your well-earned rewards and blessings."]
["Angel Number 1343 is a message to put some extra focus and effort towards your creative endeavours to ensure that you","on all levels.  If you have been considering a new direction or beginning a new project or venture, now would be a most auspicious time to make that choice.  Trust that the work you do today will bring benefits to your life in the future."]
["The angels encourage you to","in order to form a clear connection with your higher-self and your angels.  Meditation is a wonderful way to quiet the mind and allow your own ‘knowingness’ to come to the forefront."]
"A timely opportunity or situation brings many pieces of the puzzle together for you.  You have learned many invaluable lessons and have been patient and determined in your efforts, and now is the time to reap your rewards."
"Confidently express yourself openly and honestly with others."
["Number 1343 relates to the karmic","(1+3+4+3=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
