"Number 1129 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, doubling its influences), number 2 and number 9."
"brings its energies of courage, progress, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, finding success and personal fulfilment.  Number 1 also tells us that"
"by our thoughts, beliefs and actions, and compels us to step out of our comfort zone and into the direction of our dreams."
"Number 1 appearing twice together relates to the"
".  The karmic number 11 resonates with the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to"
"connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"resonates with the energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and"
"and"
"."
"relates to"
", problem solving, leading by positive example, philanthropy and humanitarianism, generosity and benevolence. Number 9 also resonates with the"
","
"and the"
".  Number 1129 is a ‘humanitarian’ vibration and"
"ask that you to look to how you can be of service to humanity through"
"."
["Angel Number 1129 prompts you to fully live and","and",".  Trust that you have all the skills and talents needed to pursue your passions and","when you apply yourself.  You are the only one qualified to fulfill your life role, purpose and destiny.  Take assertive action related to","and passions on a daily basis."]
["The repeating Angel Number 1129 also suggests that if you have misplaced or lost something in your life, the Universe is","something positive for you to take its’ place.  This may also relate to a situation or circumstance that may be coming to an end.  Trust that wonderful new beginnings and/or directions are indicated for you."]
["Angel Number 1129 may also be indicating that if you have been feeling the urge to pursue a",", now is a most auspicious time to look to fulfilling this goal.  It is time to","and use them to benefit yourself and others in a","capacity."]
["Number 1129 also relates to","(1+1+2+9=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
