["Number 1828 is made up of the energies of number 1, the vibrations of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences and the attributes of number 2.","promotes courage, progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, initiative, instinct and inspiration. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings it energies of","and",", self-confidence and personal authority, discernment, achievement, giving and receiving,","and material success. Number 8 is also the number of","– the","and encourages one to step into their personal power.","imbues balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, adaptability, insight and intuition, diplomacy and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and","."]
["Angel Number 1828 is a message that your",", self-belief, confidence and","have manifested wonderful blessings into your life and the current flow of","is a reflection of your mind-set and high expectations. Let go of the fear of how to make ends meet, and have faith and trust that your","and the Universe will ensure your success and prosperity. Use your natural","and","to bring about your desires. Your","remind you to have an optimistic outlook and attitude so that you manifest only the best for your highest good. Success can and will be yours."]
"Approve of yourself and love yourself deeply and completely. Be confident, bold and outgoing and take up opportunities that are presenting in your life right now as they are appearing especially for you to take full advantage of. Trust that all is happening for your highest good, so go with the flow and enjoy the adventures of your life."
"Angel Number 1828 also tells you that when the same issue or problem repeats in your life, it may be an indication that you have not learned the lesson presented within the experience. When a pattern or theme in your life repeats, look within to see what it is trying to teach you."
["Number 1828 relates to","(1+8+2+8=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
