["Number 1523 is a combination of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 5, and the attributes and influences of number 2 and number 3.","brings"]
"the attributes of new beginnings, showing initiative, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance, personal strength and tenacity."
["Number 1 tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","adds spontaneity, life-changes,",", personal"]
["freedom and individuality, promotion and advancements, adaptability and versatility,","learned through experience and resourcefulness.","imbues its"]
"vibrations of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and"
["and",".","resonates with courage, forgiveness, open-mindedness,","and attainment, self-expression and"]
["communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, growth and expansion. Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the","and indicates that they"]
"are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others.  The Masters assist with manifesting"
"your desires and help you to find peace, clarity and love within."
["Angel Number 1523 is","that the changes that you are considering (or experiencing) are to your long-term benefit and you are safe in their"]
["undertaking.  Trust that all has come about for a reason, and these changes are stepping stones along your life path.  Your","and","encourage you to"]
"make these changes gracefully as they will set you upon your true life path. These changes will be most auspicious for you in every way."
"Angel Number 1523 may also suggest that you are feeling confused and/or indecisive because you do not have enough information needed to make a conclusive decision"
["and/or choice.  Listen to your",", do research and/or seek expert advice before making a final decision, and trust that you have all the skills,"]
"talents and abilities needed to find success with new opportunities presented through your final choices. Your angels and the Masters are guiding, supporting and"
"assisting you through this time."
["Angel Number 1523 is a message to have faith, trust and confidence that the","are assisting and guiding you through current life changes.  These changes promise to"]
"bring improvements, advancements and favourable opportunities into your life, and the angels ask that you look upon these changes as new ways of ‘being and doing’."
"Some aspects can be left behind in the past in order to make room for new and exciting opportunities to enter your life."
"Have the courage to make changes when they are necessary and look at things from a higher perspective.  Recognize the affects of your intentions, motivations and"
"actions."
["Number 1523 relates to the","(1+5+2+3=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
