["Number 2005 relates to","(2+0+0+5=7) and","."]
"Number 2005 is a compilation of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 0 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 5."
"Number 2"
["relates to balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, encouragement, duality, ambition, sensitivity, flexibility, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
"resonates with eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow and the beginning point, and also stands for potential and/or choice. When number 0 presents and recurs it relates to developing your spiritual aspects and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."
"Number 5"
["encourages personal freedom and individuality, free-will, major life changes, making important",", release and surrender, promotion and advancements, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility, and life lessons learned through experience.","Your","encourage you to review your life with total honesty. Consider the areas in which you are not being true to yourself, then be ready to change them. When you feel that things are not working out for you as you’d like, take the time to consider and re-evaluate your situation or circumstance. Often a minor adjustment can and will change everything. You may not quite know exactly what changes need to be made, but with hindsight, once the changes actually take place, it will all become very clear and obvious.","Angel Number 2005 also reminds you that your current experiences are presenting you with wonderful opportunities for","and growth and are bringing you important life lessons. Learning our","can be joyful when we focus upon all that we gain as a consequence of our increased understanding, knowledge and wisdom. And once you accept and understand these lessons, out-dated patterns will leave your life to be replaced with wonderful new opportunities and experiences.","Angel Number 2005 brings a message of reassurance and encouragement from your","to have faith and trust in your intuitive knowing and maintain a","about the life choices and changes currently presenting to you. The changes ahead may come about in unexpected ways but you are to trust that they will be of a positive nature and will bring about beneficial results. Know that you are safe and protected by your angels throughout these transitions."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
