"Number 2396 is a blend of the attributes of number 2, the vibrations of number 3, the energies of number 9 and the qualities of number 6."
"Number 2"
["resonates with service to others, diplomacy and compromise, balance, flexibility and adaptability, duality, encouragement and kindness. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 3"
["brings self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 resonates with the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",", and helping you to find peace, clarity and love within."]
"Number 9"
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and","."]
"Number 6"
["relates to providing and provision, possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service and domesticity, love of home and family, caring and nurturing, responsibility and reliability,",", honesty and integrity.","Angel Number 2396 encourages you to wake up to your intuition and trust your inner-voice as it serves as your inner-radar and tells you where you are now and where you need to go in life. Your intuition also tells you about the people you meet and situations you enter. The people in your life bring lessons to teach you (and vice versa) and are also indicators of the energies you are projecting out to the world. Do you attract people who are loving, happy, healthy, successful;  or do you attract those that are discontent and unhappy, critical or negative? Remember that ‘like attracts like’, so take responsibility for the choices you make about the company you keep. Listening to your intuition brings more clarity, allowing for better decision-making and problem-solving, allowing you to move forward in your life with confidence and grace."]
["Number 2396 relates to","(2+3+9+6=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
["Angel Number 2396 brings a message to use","and maintain a","as these energies","and will manifest favourable results into your life. Have faith and trust in your ‘Self’ - your skills, talents and natural abilities, and employ them upon your life path. You have been given certain natural skills, talents and abilities so that you can share the highest and truest parts of yourself with others. Have confidence in your abilities and","."]
