"Number 1442 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 and the attributes of number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its energies, and the qualities of number 2."
"promotes new beginnings, ambition and motivation, striving forward and progress, will-power, self-leadership and assertiveness.  Number 1 also relates to"
["with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and"]
"aspirations, truth and integrity, patience and practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations for the self and others, and enthusiasm coupled with"
["determination. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","carries the vibrations of duality and finding balance and harmony, partnerships and"]
"relationships, diplomacy and compromise, mediation and adaptability, sensitivity and selflessness.  Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and"
["and","."]
"Angel Number 1442 asks you to see yourself in a higher light (as your true self), and your angels are helping to boost your self-esteem and self-belief.  If you are going"
"through a trying or difficult situation at the moment, your angels want you to know that all will work out for your highest good.  Take your steps with caution and"
"consideration and faith and trust and expect good outcomes in your life. Stay balanced, grounded and focused, safe in the knowledge that your angels surround and"
["support you as you","."]
"Angel Number 1442 also asks that you recognize and acknowledge the determination, discipline and hard work you have put into your endeavours in the past, and know"
"that they will have long-term benefits and rewards.  Take heart that your will and efforts have been well worth your while, and your angels encourage you to keep up the"
"great work you have been doing. Give yourself permission to be all that you can be."
["Angel Number 1442 suggests that your faith and trust, prayers,","and visualizations have been acknowledged by the angels and the spiritual realm,"]
["and you are being guided along your true life path and",".  Trust that the angels are with you along your journey, helping to make the path ahead smooth and"]
"harmonious."
["Number 1442 relates to","(1+4+4+2=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
