"Number 3248 brings together the energies and vibrations of number 3 and number 2, and the attributes and influences of number 4 and number 8."
"encourages self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, being brave and courageous, natural talent and skills, friendliness and sociability,"
["and",", growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 is also associated with the",".","is related"]
"to balance and harmony, duality, partnerships and relationships, personal will, decisiveness, insightfulness, ambition, diplomacy and mediation,"
["sensitivity, your","and",".","resonates with practicality and discipline, application, hard work and responsibility, progress,"]
"traditional values, conscientiousness, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and"
["purpose, and the energies of the",".","is the number of management, self-confidence and personal authority,",","]
["decisiveness, giving and receiving,","and intelligence, discernment and good judgement. Number 8 is also the number of",", the"]
"."
"Angel Number 3248 brings a message to pay attention to the choices you are presented with each moment and reflect on whether they serve your highest good"
"and resonate with you, or whether they distract and/or hinder you. Pay attention to your intentions and actions and become more mindful of what you are"
"thinking and doing. You can then bring these thoughts to the forefront so that you become aware of them. You can then make the conscious choice to make a"
["different choice or take another direction or action. Be mindful of your intuition and emotions and pay attention to the","and"]
". If something does not resonate with you, pay attention to it and discern whether it is fear-based or whether it is guiding you towards a"
"better, more suited direction, action or experience. Be mindful of your thoughts and honour your truths."
"Angel Number 3248 also encourages you to ask yourself if you are enjoying the work you do on an everyday basis. If not, seek an occupation better suited to"
"your natural abilities and interests. How do you spend your free time? Is it productive and uplifting? If not, seek out passions and interests that call to"
["you and pursue them. Make the most of your natural abilities and use them for the highest good of yourself and others. You have","to"]
["live and","to serve, so do it with joy, wonderment,","and","."]
"Do not allow others to stomp on your dreams and aspirations and what you want to experience and accomplish in your life. Take control of your own life and"
"choose how you want to live it. Have the courage to move forward and take actions towards creating what you wish to experience. Choose your own path and"
"what suits you."
"“If you don’t run your own life, somebody else will.”  -  John Atkinson"
["Number 3248 relates to","(3+2+4+8=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
