["Number 1050 is made up of a combination of the vibrations of number 1, number 5 and two 0’s.","brings its attributes of new beginnings, projects and ventures,"]
"creation and originality, motivation and ambition, progress, intuition and inspiration, achieving success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 reminds us that"
["with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","amplifies and magnifies the energies of the number/s it appears with. Number 0 relates to the influences"]
"of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies and resonates with the vibrations of eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the"
["beginning point. Number 0 is a message to do with",".  It is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the"]
"uncertainties that may entail.  It also suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.  Number 5 resonates with"
["making life changes, important choices and decisions, variety and versatility, motivation and individuality.","resonates with the attributes of"]
"and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way."
["Angel Number 1050 is a message from your angels that your ideas, thoughts and","are creating and","the much needed changes in your life.  You"]
"may find new and different ways to get things done the way you want them.  Trust that the angels support you in all of your endeavours.  Continue to"
[", and be receptive, appreciative and","for all that comes to you."]
"The repeating Angel Number 1050 is a message from your angels that the life changes you are considering or currently experiencing are the right ones for you to make."
["Trust that they will bring you closer to your  true authentic self and","."]
"Angel Number 1050 may be indicating that a happy move to a new home or place of employment is coming up in the near future.  Trust that this ‘movement’ will usher"
"positive new energies into your life."
["Number 1050 relates to","(1+0+5+0=6) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 15"
"Angel Number 105"
"Angel Number 150"
"*"
"Victoria   Australia"
