["Number 351 is a blend of the vibrations of number 3, the attributes of number 5 and the energies of number 1.","resonates with self-expression and"]
"communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also carries the"
["vibrations of the","."]
"brings the"
["influences of major life changes,",", expansion and opportunity, adaptability and versatility, personal freedom and individuality,"]
["learned through experience.","relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and promotes creation,"]
"new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and progress, initiative, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress."
"When you are dealing with changes, new experiences, new emotions, new ideas, new expectations, and a new reality, you may feel lost or confused in the midst of a life change or spiritual growth spurt. You may find yourself questioning whether or not you know which way to turn next, what to do, or who you truly are anymore. Be still, listen to your inner-voice, and trust that changes being made are for your highest good."
["Angel Number 351 is","and","that you are fully supported and encouraged to make the necessary life changes that will bring you into"]
["alignment with your","."]
"Your thoughts, feelings and impressions are being infused with Divine guidance, and you are being assisted with the life"
["choices and changes you are making. Do not be afraid to step out of your comfort zone and embrace the new and unknown. Listen to your","and"]
"trust that you have all the skills, talents and abilities needed to find success with the new opportunities presented through your choices and changes. Trust that all has"
"come about for a reason and these changes are stepping stones along your life path."
"Have courage and"
"confidence that all is going to Divine plan."
["Your","are guiding, supporting and assisting you through this time, and surround"]
"you with love and blessings."
"What you think about yourself becomes the truth for you and the thoughts you think and the words you speak create your experiences. Therefore, make sure that you see"
["yourself in your highest light, think positive thoughts and maintain a",", and express yourself in assertive, yet loving ways."]
["Number 351 relates to","(3+5+1=9) and","."]
"*"
