["Number 1680 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and influences of number 8 and number 0.","promotes creativity and creation, initiative and new beginnings, ambition and attainment, self-leadership and assertiveness, motivation and progress. Number 1 also relates to inspiration, happiness and fulfilment and tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts, beliefs and intentions.","resonates with love and devotion to home and family, service to others, the monetary and financial aspects of life, provision and providing, compromise, honesty and integrity, empathy, sympathy and self-sacrifice.","brings its energies of",", achieving success and material freedom,","and inner-strength, personal authority, patience, discernment, giving and receiving and","-  the",".","relates to eternity and infinity, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice. It is to do with","and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.   Number 0 brings the influences of the ‘God force’ or Universal Energies, and amplifies and magnifies the energies of the number it appears with."]
["Angel Number 1680 tells of self-management and achieving success and","due to your personal efforts, intentions and actions. Your financial flow is determined by your expectations, attitude and initiative, therefore, be optimistic about your material and financial aspects and follow through with your plans and ideas.  Maintain a positive mind-set as these energies help to","your continued supply of abundance in all ways."]
["Angel Number 1680 is also","that your material possessions and your life in general are in need of de-cluttering. Get rid of the ‘old’ that no longer positively serves you, to make way for the ‘new’.  If you have intentions of selling something of material value, Angel Number 1680 may be indicating that the items/s will leave your life quickly and easily and exciting ‘new’ will enter to take its place."]
"If you have been considering beginning or expanding your own business and/or income earning venture, now would be a good time to take positive steps to make it so. Stand in your own power and claim what is rightly yours. Strive to do your best and be your best."
["Number 1680 relates to","(1+6+8+0=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
