["Number 1678 is a compilation of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and influences of number 7 and number 8.","promotes creation, progress, inspiration and intuition, new beginnings, striving forward, motivation and progress, uniqueness and individuality. Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that",".","resonates with personal willpower, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles, love of home and family and domesticity, nurturing, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, and providing for the self and others.","resonates with determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, introspection, learning and education,",",","and",", mysticism,","and",".","resonates with self-confidence and authority, skills and talents,",", discernment and good judgement,",", and the concept of","-  the","."]
["Angel Number 1678 brings","that your devotion to your spiritual practices and balancing your work/home/family lives has ensured that your material wants and needs will be met and your endeavours will reap both personal and financial rewards. You have learned how to balance your spiritual life with the physical world and this will see an increase to the flow of material","in your life, as well as a greater sense of inner-peace and joy. Your","towards your health, financial status, relationships, love and life in general is","your deepest desires and promoting positive outcomes and results in all respects."]
["Angel Number 1678 is also a message about the monetary and financial aspects of your life.  Trust that all will be taken care of and your needs will be met throughout your life as you continue working on your","with passion, purpose and discernment. With an increase to your prosperity, be mindful that the more you have, the more you have to share with others. Trust your own judgement and use your riches wisely."]
"Angel Number 1678 suggests that you work towards gaining more spiritual knowledge and wisdom and incorporating it into your daily life. Bring more love into your environment and ensure that your home is comfortable and welcoming. Love joins us to the deepest parts of ourselves and allows us to know that from our own inner-world we can reach out to give willingly to other people; and receive what they can give back to us."
["Number 1678 relates to the","(1+6+7+8=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
