["Number 695 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 6 and number 9, and the vibrations of number 5.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability,","and expressing gratitude, providing for the self and others, personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."]
"encourages setting a positive example, lightworkers and lightworking, philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, an expansive viewpoint, and endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the Universal Spiritual Laws."
"adds spontaneity, important life-changes,"
", personal freedom and individuality, variety, courage promotion and advancements, adaptability and versatility,"
"learned through experience."
["Angel Number 695 is a message that the changes happening in your life have been Divinely planned so that you can devote more of your focus and energy towards following your passions and soul’s urgings. The changes you are making (or considering) will bring you into alignment with your",",","and/or a",", and will allow you to spend more time and energy on your spiritual passions and interests. Your daily material needs will be met as you walk your journey, and the","are available to guide and assist you whenever you feel the need. Just ask. They are always with you waiting for your call."]
["Angel Number 695 indicates that the repetitive thoughts, ideas and promptings you have been experiencing are indicating which path to follow. Listen to your intuition and inner-guidance, and trust that your","are supporting you as you break free from old, out-dated restraints and follow the promptings of your soul. Your","want you to know that ‘new’ is entering your life and these changes will be positive and pleasing.  Let the ‘old’ out of your life with love and","for the service they provided you."]
"Angel Number 695 may also indicate that a project or cycle is ending and you are asked to look to your achievements and successes. Your courage and persistence have been to your benefit in many ways and you are encouraged to take the lessons from the experiences and use them to your future advantage."
"Choices are the steps of learning. Make choices and decisions that support your wellbeing."
["Number 695 relates to","(6+9+5=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
