["Number 1253 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 and number 2, and the vibrations of number 5 and number 3.","contributes its energies of optimism, motivation and activity, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","lends its energies of kindness and consideration, service and duty, adaptability and co-operation, duality, finding balance and harmony, encouragement and support. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and",".","encourages","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, auspicious opportunities, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way and learning life lessons through experience.","relates to optimism and enthusiasm, communication and self-expression, inspiration and creativity, optimism and joy, talent and skills, expansion and growth.  Number 3 also relates to the",". The Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and"]
"others, and assist with"
"."
["Angel Number 1253 indicates that important life changes are occurring in your life (or are about to occur).  It is a message that you have manifested the life-changes you are now experiencing due to your","and prayers.  These changes will bring about auspicious opportunities that are in-line with your true passions, interests and spiritual path.  It will bring you the answers to your prayers and your angels encourage you to embrace and","for them."]
["Angel Number 1253 is","and the","that they are with you, encouraging and supporting you as you go through important life changes. Your","ask for you to",", fears or worries so that they can be healed and transmuted. Have faith and trust that the changes you are experiencing are for your highest good."]
["Angel Number 1253 is a message that what you are going through right now is happening for good reason, so trust that all will turn out for your highest good. You may be prompted to begin a new venture that will prove to be fruitful for you in the long-term. Follow your intuitive and","and take the necessary steps, and trust that new doors are opening for you that will bring wonderful opportunities for growth and development on all levels."]
["Use your natural personality, skills, talents and passions to pursue your","and serve others with love."]
["Number 1253 relates to the","(1+2+5+3=11) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
