["Number 1669 is a blend of the energies of number 1, the attributes of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 9.","resonates with showing initiative and tenacity, new beginnings and striving forward, pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance and personal strength. Number 1 also tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","brings its attributes of ability and stability, provision and providing and the monetary and material aspects of life, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others, simplicity, reliability and responsibility, problem-solving and the ability to compromise.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective,",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,","and",", serving your","and",".  Number 9 encourages you to use your natural abilities to illuminate the way for others to follow."]
["Angel Number 1669 encourages you to take action towards living and serving your",". Your","ask that you release any fears and anxieties about monetary issues, and get on with your passion and purpose today. Your angels will ensure that you are provided with all that you will need along your path.  It is your right to be a powerful being so use your personal power in a loving way that benefits yourself and others. Listen to your intuitive messages and take positive action in the direction of your","."]
"Angel Number 1669 tells you to stop procrastinating and get on with important things in your life. It is time for you to detach yourself from your old and outdated material possessions and items and ‘let go’ and ‘release the old’.  It is a message that assures you that whatever leaves your life at this time will be replaced with ‘new’ and ‘better’.  Be open to receiving all that you deserve as you are ready for an upgrade in your life."
"Angel Number 1669 can also suggest that you are at the end of a phase or cycle in your life.  Call upon your angels to comfort and guide you towards your next step.  When you learn how to dissolve negative beliefs and fears and allow the positive to emerge, your life will change for the better. Happiness and fulfilment await you with ‘new’ about to enter your life."
["Number 1669 relates to the","(1+6+6+9=22, 2+3=4) and","on the higher plane, and on the lower plane, the","and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
