["Number 641 is a compilation of the qualities and vibrations of number 6 and number 4, and the energies of number 1.","relates to material possessions, status and the monetary aspects of life, service and domesticity, home and family, love and nurturing, problem-solving and solution-finding, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the",".","brings its energies of creation and new beginnings, progress and motivation, striving forward, inspiration, achieving success and fulfilment. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions."]
["Angel Number 641 indicates that your ideas, thoughts and expectations are rapidly manifesting into material form and your","ask you to maintain a","and outlook to ensure the continued manifestation of ‘good’. New ideas and fresh starts will lead to long-term benefits and you are encouraged to step forward to take up the opportunities presented to you. By using your intuition you can tune into your","and the spiritual forces that are around you, helping, guiding and assisting you."]
["Angel Number 641 brings","that your material and physical needs will be met and all you need will manifest into your life. Trust that your",",","and","are having positive effects in your life, and your angels urge you to continue with your optimistic outlook and high expectations."]
"Angel Number 641 encourages you to keep striving ahead, and don’t take ‘no’ for an answer. Expect miraculous answers and solutions to appear as you need them."
["Angel Number 641 encourages you to release any feelings or fears of loss or lack. Do not fear striving ahead towards your goals as success is assured.","for help with fixing something that has been bothering and/or irritating you and trust that they will offer you guidance, assistance and healing. Keep a positive attitude and","and appreciative for all that you have, and all you are yet to receive."]
["Number 641 relates to","(6+4+1=11, 1+1=2) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
