"Number 1988 is a compilation of the vibrations and qualities of number 1 and number 9, and the attributes of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
"Number 1"
["brings its vibrations of creation, new beginnings, ambition and will power, motivation, insight and initiative, inspiration and intuition. Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with the influences of the",", leading life as a positive example for others, high ideals, tolerance, humility, altruism and benevolence, strength of character, service to humanity and",". Number 9 also relates to endings, conclusions and closure."]
"Number 8"
["adds its influences of patience, practicality and dependability,",", personal authority, management, stability, truth and honour, achieving success, good judgement and discernment,","positive",", and the concept of","– the",".","Angel Number 1988 may suggest that a phase, circumstance or situation in your life is about to end and is a sign of forewarning to enabling you to prepare yourself and your life accordingly. It may also indicate that you are winding up an emotional issue, relationship or career phase in your life."]
"Angel Number 1988 brings a message that it is time to release situations/circumstances that no longer play a positive role in your life so that you can work from your heart doing something that you love, either as a hobby/pastime or as an income-earning venture. Ask yourself ‘what is my passion and purpose?’ Your unique skills and talents are much needed by the world, and it is time to fully step into your personal power and claim your rightful destiny. Trust that the right opportunities will present themselves when you make the decision and take action towards following your heart’s desires in whatever ways most resonate with you. Discover your personal spiritual power, and learn how to use it to make a positive difference to the world in your own unique way."
["Often, one of the biggest blocks to receiving and accepting","is a core belief of being unworthy and/or undeserving.","to open your heart so that the issue/s can be healed. Abundance is your natural birthright, and when you choose to accept it for yourself, you naturally attract the gifts of","into your life. You are then able to share this abundance with others."]
["Number 1988 relates to","(1+9+8+8=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
