["Number 1614 is a compilation of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations and attributes of number 6 and number 4.","lends its vibrations of fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success.  Number 1 tells us that we create our own realities with our thoughts, beliefs and action and encourages us to step in the direction of our desires with courage and conviction.","brings its attributes of the monetary and financial aspects of life, provision and providing, love of home and family, domesticity, nurturing and caring for others, and finding solutions to problems.","resonates with willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals, patience, planning and persistence. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the Archangels."]
["Angel Number 1614 indicates that the hard work and effort you have put into your endeavours will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones, and you are encouraged to keep up the great work you have been doing. Know that your needs will be met due to your diligence and determination to achieve and succeed.  Give any anxieties or worries to your angels, and focus your energies upon your soul urgings and pursuing your","."]
["Your","ask you to release any feelings or fears of loss or lack and trust that your monetary issues will be sorted for your highest good and you will have all that need, when you need it. You are encouraged to see yourself in a higher light (as your true self), and the","are helping to boost your self-esteem and self-belief as your Divine mission requires that you be your authentic self to continue working at your most brilliance.  Keep a positive and optimistic","and outlook and","and appreciative for all that you have, and all you are yet to receive."]
["Angel Number 1614 tells you that now that you have asked the angels for their help and guidance, you need to be open to receiving and accepting their assistance with an open heart and mind. We are sent messages about both the big and small things in life, and the","can come at any time, as long as we are open to hearing it."]
["Number 1614 relates to","(1+6+1+4=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
