["Number 1249 is made up of a combination of the attributes of number 1 and number 2, and the energies of number 4 and number 9.","relates to new beginnings, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, striving forward, achievement, success and attainment.  Number 1 also tells us that",".","resonates with service and duty, balance and harmony, grace and devotion, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and your","and",".","brings its vibrations of determination to achieve goals, practicality and application, conviction and will, hard work and maintenance, responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose.","relates to the",",","and a higher perspective,",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving humanity, philanthropy  and",".  Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1249 is","that you have been receiving intuitive and","about","and",". The guidance you have been receiving through your intuitive inklings and feelings, visions and urgings are connected to your life purpose, and your angels ask that you trust these messages and take positive action. You may feel prompted to be of service to others and humanity as a whole.  Trust that you have all the skills and talents you need to fulfill your ‘","’ mission and believe and follow the",". Know that only you can fulfill your spiritual destiny."]
"Angel Number 1249 is a message that you can ask for extra help and assistance with a long-term project or new venture you are considering. Be aware of opportunities presenting in your life, and trust that they are taking place for good reason.  Take up these opportunities with trust and faith that they are for your betterment and will help you to achieve long-term success."
"Angel Number 1249 may also indicate that a project or cycle is ending and you are asked to look to your achievements and successes.  Take the lessons from the experiences and use them to your future advantage.  Finish off anything left undone."
["The","ask you to fly high above the trivialities of life on wings of love."]
["Number 1249 relates to","(1+2+4+9=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
