["Number 1402 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and qualities of number 0 and number 2.","promotes new"]
"beginnings, ambition and motivation, striving forward and progress, will-power, self-leadership and assertiveness.  Number 1 also relates to"
["with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with honesty and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values,"]
["patience,",", diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and carries the energies of the"]
[".","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God"]
"force’.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or"
["choice, and is to do with",".  Number 0 is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that"]
["may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.","adds its attributes of attainment and"]
"happiness, diplomacy and co-operation, relationships, service and duty, finding balance and harmony, selflessness, faith and trust and"
["and","."]
["Angel Number 1402 is","that the hard work and effort you have put towards","has been acknowledged and you"]
"are to be rewarded for work well done.  Have faith and trust in the power of the Universe and know that you are being supported, encouraged and guided along your"
"path.  Trust in the Divine and be open to receiving your ‘good’."
"Angel Number 1402 is a request from your angels to stay patient a little longer as details are being worked out behind the scenes and are not quite ready just yet.  Once"
"all falls into place in Divine right time you will find your prayers answered and solutions found.  The hard work, will and effort you have put in will reap abundance"
["and you will be rewarded for good work well done.  Maintain faith and trust and a","and outlook, and expect the best results. Your patience will be"]
"rewarded."
"Angel Number 1402 is a message that you can ask for extra help and assistance with a long-term project or new venture you are considering. Be aware of opportunities"
"presenting in your life, and trust that they are taking place for good reason.  Take up these opportunities with trust and faith that they are for your betterment and will help"
"you to achieve long-term success."
"Continue on your present path with passion and enthusiasm.  Believe in yourself and your inner-talents and abilities in order to find success and achieve your desires"
"and aspirations.  Trust that achieving your goals is within sight.  Love who and what you are, and what you do.  Love is an attitude of heart and mind that is expressed"
"through how and what we think and through our true emotions."
["Number 1402 relates to","(1+4+0+2=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
