"Number 1341 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the vibrations of number 3 and number 4."
"resonates with the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, action and progress, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to new directions,"
["striving forward and progress, and reminds you that","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its influences of optimism and"]
"joy, self-expression and communication, imagination and intelligence, energy, growth and expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, encouragement and"
["assistance, talent and skills.  Number 3 is also the number of the",".  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and"]
["others, and assist with",".  The Masters are help you to find peace, clarity and love within.  Number 3 tells you that the Ascended Masters are"]
["around you, assisting when asked.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, reality"]
"and realistic values, stability and ability, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive and passion in life and the"
["energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1341 is",",","encouraging you to remain positive and optimistic about your future, which"]
"involves being of service to others and the world at large.  When you hold positive thoughts and intentions, it attracts and manifests positive energies and desired"
["outcomes.  Trust that you are being supported and","throughout your journey."]
"Angel Number 1341 suggests that if you act with caution and wisdom you will find success in business and money matters and in life in general.  The timing is right to"
"begin worthwhile projects that will bring long-term benefits and future success.  A happy outcome follows your positive expectations.   Angel Number 1341 assures you"
"that positive outcomes are on the horizon."
"Angel Number 1341 also encourages you to look at your current home and lifestyle and consider ways to uplift your environment in order to usher in more positive"
"energies.  Do not be afraid to express yourself with joy, optimism and creativity.  Add beauty to your environment and everyday life."
"Life is never static or stale as each moment is always fresh and new."
["Number 1341 relates to","(1+3+4+1=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
