"Number 808 is a blend of the attributes and vibrations of number 8 and number 0, with number 8 appearing twice, amplifying and magnifying it energies."
["is the number of self-confidence and personal authority,",", monetary and business acumen, decisiveness, giving and receiving,","and intelligence,","and good judgement. Number 8 is also the number of",", the","."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 808 brings","signifying that the impending endings in your life are part of your","and",".","to help allay any fears or worries you may have about these upcoming changes. You will find with hindsight that the changes were necessary and ultimately very positive and beneficial for you."]
"Angel Number 808 tells you to be sure that the path you choose to take aligns with your true self on every level. Your life is for you to live, made up of your choices and actions, so make sure that they are right for you. Ask yourself what is most important to you, then have the courage to create your life around it. Do not fear changing paths or paving a new one if feeling guided to do so. When you live your life from a place that reflects who you truly are, the energies of the Universe come together to assist you."
"Angel Number 808 also encourages you to keep your finances in check to ensure that you have set yourself solid foundations for yourself and your loved ones."
"You are to be responsible for your own income, abundance and well-being. The Universe and your"
"will always support you, but it is your responsibility to ensure that you put in the proper work and effort."
"This will ensure your future prosperity and will help you to live up to your full potential on every level."
["Number 808 relates to","(8+0+8=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
