["Number 1453 is made up of the vibrations and qualities of number 1 and number 4, and the attributes and energies of number 5 and number 3.","brings the attributes of new beginnings, showing initiative, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance, personal strength and tenacity.  Number 1 tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","tells of working steadily, patiently and diligently towards achieving goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also carries the energies of the",".","relates to major life changes,","and decisions, promotion and advancements, adaptability and versatility, adventure, personal freedom and individuality,","learned through experience and resourcefulness.","resonates with courage, forgiveness, open-mindedness,","and attainment, self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, growth and expansion. Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked.  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others.  The Masters assist with","and help you to find peace, clarity and love within."]
["Angel Number 1453 suggests that now is the time to make necessary changes that will propel and advance you in all ways.  Trust that all has come about for a reason and these changes are stepping stones along your life path.  The","are helping you to prepare for big life changes that are coming to your life soon and want you to know that all will work out for your highest good."]
["Angel Number 1453 is","that the positive changes you have been making are manifesting ‘good’ into your life. Your","have drawn new opportunities, ideas and concepts into your life and the","encourage you to continue the great work you have been doing. The angels encourage and applaud you in your efforts, and assure you that your positive actions and attitude ensure a continued supply of abundance in your life."]
"Angel Number 1453 signifies that life-changes are ahead of you, and these are necessary and possibly overdue.  You may have been feeling or sensing the changes to come and have been feeling trepidation and/or anxiety. Release all fears and look to these changes with optimism and enthusiasm.  Trust that the angels, Archangels and Ascended Masters are supporting, encouraging and guiding you along the way."
["Angel Number 1453 may also be suggesting that you are feeling confused and/or indecisive because you do not have enough information needed to make a conclusive decision and/or choice.  Listen to your",", do research and/or seek expert advice before making a final decision, and trust that you have all the skills, talents and abilities needed to find success with new opportunities presented through your final choices. Your angels and the Masters are guiding, supporting and assisting you through this time."]
["The","answer your prayers by giving you","that will encourage you to take the necessary steps and/or make important changes in your life."]
["Number 1453 relates to","(1+4+5+3=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
