["Number 1904 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 9, and the energies and influences of number 0 and number 4.","tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions. It resonates with the attributes of inspiration and creation, beginning new projects and ventures with a view to achieving success, happiness and fulfilment, tenacity and self-reliance.","resonates with","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, selflessness, strength of character, responsibility, leading by positive example, idealism,",",","and the",". Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions.","magnifies the energies of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal and the ‘God force’ energies. It stands for potential and/or choice, and relates to","and gifts and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey. Number 0 suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.","relates to our drive, passion and purpose and resonates with practicality and application, establishing solid foundations, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to the","."]
["Angel Number 1904 brings","to focus upon your","and","with commitment and persistence. Your","skills and talents are much needed by the world and the","encourage you to look to ways to serve others with love and compassion. You are being Divinely guided in regards to your personal spirituality and spiritual pursuits as a",". Devote time and effort towards your true desires and priorities and pay special attention to your intuitive feelings and thoughts as they are giving you insights into your next steps. Your positive love and light is much needed at this time and your","encourage you to follow through with your goals and aspirations to do with your spiritual path and","."]
"Angel Number 1904 may also indicate that a cycle or phase will soon be coming to an end, with rewards coming from hard work well done. As with all endings it is the beginning of something new, and as one door closes another opens. Look to your achievements and successes and take the lessons from the experiences and use them to your future advantage. Do not fear lack or loss as these endings and conclusions will lead to auspicious new beginnings and opportunities, and your success and achievement will bring blessings and rewards of many kinds into your life."
["Take the time to plan your life and set your intentions. You have the power to set the direction of your own life, so take the time to plan what you want to do and work towards those goals. Do not allow yourself to be distracted from the plan by minor interruptions. Set your intentions, be persistent yet patient, open yourself up to the small","and follow the plan as guided."]
"With a solid plan and a firm belief in yourself, there is nothing that you cannot achieve."
["Number 1904 relates to","(1+9+0+4=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
