["Number 118 is comprised of the qualities and attributes of the numbers 1, the karmic",", and number 8.","brings optimism, attainment, new beginnings, motivation and progress, beginning new projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition.","resonates with spiritual"]
["enlightenment and",", and tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and serve our","and",".","brings it vibrations of",", self-confidence,","and good judgement, achievement, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity. Number 8 is also the number of","–","."]
["Angel Number 118 is a message of encouragement and support from your angels. They encourage you to think only positive thoughts to do with the monetary and material aspects of your life so that you are able to",".","so when you have high expectations and maintain a","the angels and Universal Energies help you to","your highest ideals and achieve success in all that you put your intentions and efforts towards. The angels want you to know that positive things are manifesting around you at a rapid rate."]
["Angel Number 118 also suggests that you are nearing the end of a cycle or phase in your life, and the","want you to realize that positive new opportunities will appear for you in due course. Do not fear lack or loss as the end of a situation or cycle denotes the beginning of another. Your","ask that you not stress about present circumstances, as ‘better’ is on it’s the way into your life. The angels ask you to have faith and trust in them, and in yourself."]
["Angel Number 118 also tells you that if you are considering",", now is a most auspicious time to do so. Have faith that the Universe will assist with any issues that may arise, and listen to the","as to the next steps to take. Trust that you have all the skills, talents and abilities within you that you will need to serve your","and fulfill your spiritual destiny. Expect success on all levels."]
["Number 118 also relates to","(1+1+8=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"See also:"
["(",", 118,",",",",  etc)"]
"*"
