["Number 1141 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of numbers 1 and 4, with number 1 appearing tripled, strengthening its influences.  Number 1 brings the energies of initiative and instinct, tenacity and striving forward, new beginnings, achievement and success.  Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with effort and will, patience and persistence, realistic values, ability and stability, service and devotion, practicality and responsibility, building solid foundations and achieving positive results.  Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive.  Number 1141 a number of hard work and initiative, practical thinking, instinctual knowledge, success and achieving abundance."]
"Angel Number 1141 encourages you to put your ideas into action.  Trust yourself and your inner-promptings and begin that new venture or project. Your will and effort will bring about the desired results."
["Angel Number 1141 is","to take the time out and make the effort to connect and communicate with the angels.  It encourages you to stop feeling stress, anxiety and worry over your financial situation or issues, as these negative emotions and energies block the flow of supply and abundance into your life.","ask that you focus upon",",","and prayers in order to",".  Give your worries over to your","to transmute and heal and trust that the work you have been doing will have long-term rewards.  Angel Number 1141 is a message that your past efforts will bring about the results you have worked so hard for."]
["Angel Number 1141 indicates that the angels are available to assist you with your positive thoughts, wishes and desires. The","counsel you to make thoughtful and meaningful wishes at the moment, and to remain aware of your recurring thoughts as they are being manifested into your life."]
["Number 1141 relates to","(1+1+4+1=6) and","."]
"Also see:"
["(",",",", 141, 144 etc)"]
"Angel Number 14"
"Angel Number 114"
