["Number 3104 brings together the vibrations of number 3, the energies of number 1, the influences of number 0, and the attributes of number 4.","encourages self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, being brave and courageous, natural talent and skills, friendliness and sociability,","and",", growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 is also associated with the",".","relates to new beginnings, creation, progress, inspiration and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, action, motivation and progress, striving forward, uniqueness and individuality,",", positivity and activity.","represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with.","is associated with conscientiousness, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience, structure, stability and endurance, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 3104 brings a message to do some personal reflection on anything that you would like to do and/or achieve and look to the steps needed to achieve them. Have the courage to pursue your dreams as they are for you to attain, and know that you will be rewarded with feelings of peace, happiness and inner-joy. Follow your own ideas and passions and do what works best for you in every moment. Allow your inner light and grace to come forth and make the highest and best choices for yourself and others. Know that it is safe to follow your dreams."
"Angel Number 3104 indicates that a timely opportunity or situation brings many pieces of the puzzle together for you. You have learned many invaluable lessons and have been patient and determined in your efforts, and now is the time to reap your rewards."
"Angel Number 3104 also encourages you to let the smaller things in life go and don’t cling to annoyances and irritations that can deter or hinder you. Push through them and continue on your path. Do not be afraid to express yourself with joy, optimism and creativity and add beauty to your environment and everyday life. Life is never static or stale as each moment is always fresh and new."
["Number 3104 relates to","(3+1+0+4=8) and","."]
