"Number 823 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 8 and number 2, and the attributes of number 3."
["is associated with self-confidence, personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, reality, dependability and self-reliance, and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["relates to your intuition and insight, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, receptivity and love, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust, and your","and","."]
["is the number of",", creativity and self-expression, joy and spontaneity, growth and expansion, imagination and intelligence, affability and enthusiasm. Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 823 is","that they are currently assisting you with keeping your thoughts light and positive. It suggests that you keep your personal truths and values in focus and work towards fulfilling your","and",". Trust that the","and","are always available for guidance and assistance."]
"Number 823 encourages you to bring your natural abilities to the fore and utilize them for the benefit of yourself and others, as by using your natural attributes, skills and talents you are able to create circumstances in your life that are more aligned with your true inner-self. Once you take steps in the right direction the Universe assists you by presenting auspicious opportunities and synchronicities for you to take advantage of. Look out for the signs, listen to your intuition, and do as your soul guides you."
"Angel Number 823 indicates that pursuing your"
"will reap many long-term benefits and rewards for you on all levels. Trust that you are on the right path and that the"
"are encouraging and supporting you in your efforts. Keep up the good work and continue to"
"your good"
"."
["Happiness is your true, innate nature, and mindfulness,",", creativity, compassion and community help you to cultivate happiness into your life every day."]
["Number 823 relates to","(8+2+3=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
