"Number 826 is a blend of the influences and energies of number 8 and number 2, and the vibrations of number 6."
["is the number of management, self-confidence and personal authority,",", decisiveness, giving and receiving,","and intelligence,","and good judgement. Number 8 is also the number of",", the","."]
["relates to receptivity and love, partnerships and relationships, duality, adaptability, faith and trust, service to others, flexibility, balance and harmony, diplomacy and mediation, understanding, support and encouragement, and serving your","."]
["resonates with home and family, domesticity, expressing","and",", emotional depth, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing, and finding solutions."]
["Angel Number 826 resonates with establishing strong foundations and focusing upon achieving your goals and aspirations. It encourages you to have faith and trust that you will attract all that you require in your everyday life in order to sustain and maintain you along your",". Your",", work, patience and intentions will reap your just rewards and blessings."]
["Angel Number 826 brings","to use your personal strength, determination and tenacity to bring about desired situations, circumstances and results in your life. Know that all that you need is within you and with faith, trust and self-belief you are able to","all that you require in order to find success and fulfilment."]
["Angel Number 826 encourages you to continue having faith and trust in your intuition and the",", as this will assist you with","prosperity and success in your life."]
"Angel Number 826 also brings a message to do something positive about a present situation or state of affairs. Look at things from a higher perspective and trust that viable solutions and pathways will be found. Face the truth of the issue (whatever it may be) so that it can finally be faced and dealt with. Trust that nothing is placed in your life that you are not able to overcome and grow from, and everything is a test for you to pass. Trust yourself to overcome any obstacles and grow and learn from the experience. Remove barriers and obstacles and seek new levels of awareness and self-expression."
["Number 826 relates to","(8+2+6=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
