"Number 2117 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 1 appearing twice, and the influences of the mystical number 7."
"Number 2"
["brings its attributes of balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, partnerships and relationships, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and","."]
"Number 1"
["relates to creation and new beginnings, progress and motivation, striving forward, inspiration, achieving success and fulfilment. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.  Number 0 magnifies and amplifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with and resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and is to do with","."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with Universal Energies, determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, inner-strength and inner-knowing,","and",", mysticism,","and",".","Angel Number 2117 encourages you to look to ways to expand your","and personal growth, and use your knowledge and","to enhance your own life and that of others. Expand and broaden your perception through self-awareness and practice and follow your natural interests and intuition. Whatever you want to know, you can know; it all depends upon how open and willing you are to truly listen and trust. With practice, patience and awareness you are able to","and","in order to glean Divine knowledge and wisdom.","and","can come to you through","and synchronicities,","and",", symbols and images. When you are open to hearing the messages from your intuition you are able to gain information and knowledge that broadens your perception and understanding. It also brings fresh insight and helps you to make conscious, positive",".","Angel Number 2117 can also denote a time when you may be experiencing rapid growth on all levels, and heightened awareness and intuition. You may feel inclined to begin a new course of study, learning and/or research, be it formal education or casually researching and pursuing your soul interests and passions. Use what you know and learn to help and assist others."]
["Number 2117 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+1+1+7=11, 1+1=2)."]
["Take the time to patiently learn about yourself and understand the reasons behind your life experiences so that you are able to make wise and enlightened","for your future. The decisions you make today are important as they affect what happens to you in the future."]
"*"
