"Number 2153 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and qualities of number 5 and number 3."
"Number 2"
["brings its attributes of balance and harmony, mediation and diplomacy, partnerships and relationships, adaptability and co-operation, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with creation and new beginnings, courage, ambition, positivity and self-reliance, inspiration and ambition, achievement and success. Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 5"
["brings the influences of major life changes, making important","and decisions, expansion and opportunity, adaptability and versatility, adventure, personal freedom and individuality, resourcefulness and","learned through experience."]
"Number 3"
["relates to optimism and inspiration, ‘faith, hope and charity’, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, communication and self-expression, and",". Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",".","Angel Number 2153 is a message to have faith in the decisions and choices you have made in regards to making important changes to your life. You have manifested these life-changes through",",","and prayers and the angels encourage you to take full advantage of these changes and the effects they will have on your life. Stay open and receptive to your","and maintain faith and trust that these changes are taking place for your highest good and are appearing in your life to enhance and advance you on your journey.","Angel Number 2153 encourages you to step in the direction of your desires with confidence and optimism, safe the belief that you will find personal success and fulfilment on all levels.  Do not be afraid to take on new challenges and opportunities as they will prove to be of great benefit to yourself and others. Never doubt yourself or the power of the",".","Angel Number 2153 is also validation that you are on the right path in all ways in your life.  The upcoming changes will enrich your life, so stay on course and you will soon see positive outcomes and results."]
"Recognize and nurture your natural gifts and talents as you have them for important reasons and they are to be used for the benefit and betterment of yourself and your own life, and that of others. When you use your gifts it makes you feel confident, at peace, happy and fulfilled as you are coming from your true, higher self. You have natural skills and talents so that you can share the highest and truest parts of yourself with others."
["Number 2153 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+1+5+3=11, 1+1=2)."]
"*"
