["Number 1351 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 and number 3, and the energies and attributes of number 5 and number 1, with number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","encourages us to step forward in our chosen direction, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions. Number 1 brings its qualities of ambition, motivation and progress, insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment.","resonates with growth and expansion, optimism and enthusiasm, creativity, self-expression and communication, encouragement and assistance.  Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",", who help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". The Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked and helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","resonates with personal freedom and individuality, major life changes,",", promotion and advancements, adaptability and versatility,","learned through experience and resourcefulness."]
["Angel Number 1351 is","and","that you are fully supported and encouraged to make the necessary life changes that will bring you into alignment with your","and",".  Give any fears or feelings of anxiety to the angels for healing and transmutation, and have courage and confidence that all is going to Divine plan."]
["Angel Number 1351 indicates that your thoughts, feelings and impressions are being infused with Divine guidance, and you are being assisted with the","and changes you are making. Do not be afraid to step out of your comfort zone and embrace the new and unknown. Listen to your","and intuition and trust that you have all the skills, talents and abilities needed to find success with the new opportunities presented through your choices and changes. Trust that all has come about for a reason, and these changes are stepping stones along your life path. Your angels are guiding, supporting and assisting you through this time, and surround you with love and blessings."]
["What you think about yourself becomes the truth for you.  The thoughts you think and the words you speak create your experiences.  Your feelings and emotions (both positive and negative) are the most powerful energies that create and manifest both the things you do want in your life, and those you don’t. Therefore, make sure that you see yourself in the highest light, think positive thoughts, maintain a","and express yourself in an assertive, yet loving way."]
["Number 1351 relates to","(1+3+5+1=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
