"Number 2164 brings together the attributes and vibrations of number 2 and number 1, and the energies and influences of number 6 and number 4."
"Number 2"
["resonates with faith and trust, diplomacy and co-operation, duality and finding balance, relationships and partnerships, intuition and insight, service and duty, and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["promotes new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and taking action, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and initiative, instinct and intuition. Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 6"
"relates to possessions and the material and monetary aspects, home and family, love and nurturing, service and domesticity, responsibility and reliability, finding solutions, honesty and integrity."
"Number 4"
["resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the",".","Angel Number 2164 brings","that your hard work and determination are reaping rewards and you are being blessed with the fruits of your labours. The hard work, will and effort you have put towards past projects has paid off for you, and through planning and proper preparation you have achieved a great deal, and the","are commending you for your efforts and are encouraging you to keep up the good work.","Angel Number 2164 is a message of support and encouragement from your",". Trust that your material and monetary needs will be met as you journey along your life path, being true to yourself and serving your",". The determination you have shown to living a consciously balanced and centred life has manifested a continued supply of","into your life, ensuring that you are sustained, maintained and provided for in your daily life.","You are encouraged to bring balance and harmony into all aspects of your life and family environment and look forward to ongoing happiness and positive opportunities and circumstances."]
["Number 2164 relates to","(2+1+6+4=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
