["Number 638 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 6 and number 3, and the vibrations of number 8.","relates to possessions, status and the monetary aspects, protection, expressing","and",", service and domesticity, home and family, love, guidance and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity.","brings its influences of communication and self-expression, encouragement and assistance,",", natural talent and skills, enthusiasm and optimism. Number 3 also relates to the energies of the","resonates with the influences of personal power and authority,","and good judgement, truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance, material freedom, giving and receiving, the concept of","and the",", and","."]
["Angel Number 638 is","that","and prosperity are manifesting in your life right now. Your prayers,","and requests for increased wealth and abundance have been heard and are being responded to by the Universal Energies. Keep a","and stay optimistic about the financial and monetary aspects of your life so that the flow of abundance continues to stream into your life.","and share them with your loved ones and the world at large. Remember, the more you have the more you have to share. Trust that ‘more’ is on its way,"]
["Working towards your","results in an increased flow of","in your life as well as a sense of purpose and fulfilment. Use your communication skills, natural compassion and empathy, as well as your intelligence and wisdom to help and assist others upon their own path. The","are supporting and guiding you, so trust in the infinite benevolence of the Universe and continue along your path with confidence and enthusiasm. The inklings and impressions you have been receiving are messages and signs for you to take special notice of."]
["Angel Number 638 encourages you to have faith and trust in your own skills, talents and abilities, as you are good at what you do for a reason, and when you do what you love, all that you need comes to you. The","are helping you to manifest the material items you need to help you serve your",", whether it is time, freedom, money, contacts, location or whatever is necessary. The","are working to bring whatever you need to you so that you can conduct your work unhindered, and any perceived obstacles or problems will be overcome and/or resolved. You deserve to receive this help as it better enables you to stand in your own power to do the work that your soul dictates."]
["Number 638 relates to","(6+3+8=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
