"Number 2042 is a combination of the energies of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies and vibrations of number 0 and number 4."
"Number 2"
["relates to duality and balance, partnerships and relationships, co-operation and diplomacy, receptivity and love. It also resonates with serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with, and relates to",", potential and/or choice, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with service and devotion, practicality and responsibility, patience and persistence, building solid foundations and achieving positive results. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the",".","Angel Number 2042 encourages you to listen to your intuition and","and pursue your ideal career, profession, hobby or lifestyle choice/s. Stand strong in your convictions and do not allow others to hinder or sway you. Stay balanced, calm and determined, trust in your own inner-knowing and be true to yourself and your","and path.","If you are being intuitively prompted to begin or expand a","or heart-based service, the","will assist with establishing the foundations and bringing opportunities to your attention. Believe in yourself and your unique talents and abilities and remember that when you do things you love, and put your heart and soul towards achieving your goals,","and assistance every step of the way.","Angel Number 2042 reminds you that you have a great deal of work ahead of you in this lifetime, and your","encourage you to believe in yourself and your inner-talents and abilities as this will enable you to achieve your desires and aspirations. Keep your focus on what you wish to achieve (in any aspect of your life) and find viable and productive ways to make positive progress. Make solid plans and put proper preparation into all that you do and you will find that the Universe will present you with wonderful opportunities to bring your dreams to life, whatever they may be.","Love who and what you are, and what you do."]
["Number 2042 relates to","(2+0+4+2=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
