["Number 1708 is a compilation of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 7, and the vibrations and qualities of number 0 and number 8.","resonates with the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach and relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to",",","and",", inner-knowing, compassion and understanding others,","and",", peace, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose, knowledge, study, research and learning.","resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow and the beginning point, and magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with. Number 0 relates to the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’ energy and stands for potential and/or choice, and",". It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.","carries the influences of",", business and material acumen, personal power and authority, good judgement and discernment, a desire for peace and and world transformation, giving and receiving and the","(",")."]
["Angel Number 1708 is","that the ideas and visions you have been experiencing have been Divinely inspired and your","prompt you to take positive action as guided as these are important aspects of your","and",". The discernment and good judgement you have shown in the past has ensured that your endeavours will reap both personal and financial rewards and your monetary needs will be met as you focus upon following your inner-guidance. Your","will steer you towards suitable career, life and lifestyle choices."]
["If you are feeling inclined to begin (or expand)",", Angel Number 1708 may be an indication that now is a most auspicious time to pursue those goals. With the pioneering aspects of number 1 combined with the spirituality and good fortune of number 7, and the powerful energies of number 0 coupled with the financial and business acumen of number 8, Angel Number 1708 reassures you that you will find success and fulfilment in your chosen field/s. Your work and efforts will benefit yourself, those whom you serve/teach/heal/inspire, and the world at large."]
["You have a unique spiritual self with vast spiritual potential. As you integrate your body, mind and spirit into one cohesive entity, you not only",", but also that of humanity and all of Earth’s beings."]
["Number 1708 relates to","(1+7+0+8=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
