"Number 1458 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the energies and influences of number 5 and number 8."
"resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-reliance, courage and tenacity, striving towards achieving success and attainment."
["Number 1 reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations,"]
"truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also brings the"
["energies of the",".","adds its vibrations of major changes, versatility and adaptability, inspiration, motivation and activity,"]
["and decisions that suit who you truly are, personal freedom, individuality and learning","through experience.","relates to the vibrations of"]
", material and monetary mastery, income and finance, self-confidence and personal authority, discernment, giving and receiving,"
["and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of","- the","."]
["Angel Number 1458 is","to follow the intuitive messages and guidance you have been receiving about making important changes to your life"]
"and lifestyle choices.  These much needed changes will bring about blessings and rewards and will bring you the answers to your prayers.  The efforts you have made"
"towards achieving your goals have manifested new opportunities and auspicious circumstances that will bring about your desired results."
"Angel Number 1458 is an auspicious and positive message about the changes that are taking place in your life at this time.  Trust that they are bringing you wonderful"
["opportunities to",", and have been Divinely guided and orchestrated as a reward for work well done.  The steps you have taken to improve"]
"and better your life and the positive changes you have made (and are making) have brought about Divine abundance, prosperity and happiness.  Expect continued"
["blessings in your life and show","for them by sharing your 'plenty' with others in whatever way you deem most appropriate.  Use your discernment wisely."]
["If you have been feeling the strong urge to begin (or expand)",", Angel Number 1458 may be suggesting that now is an"]
["auspicious time to consider your options and take a definite step in that direction.  As you honour and follow your intuition and passionately",","]
"prosperity and abundance will flow into your life.  Success on all levels will enter your life with faith, time and patience."
"Use your skills and knowledge to guide and assist others in positively uplifting and purposeful ways, and trust that you can make a wonderful difference to your own life"
"and that of others.  Allow love to move along your thoughts and guide your actions."
["Number 1458 relates to","(1+4+5+8=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
