["Number 1699 is a combination of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influence.","brings its attributes of creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, problem-solving and solution-finding, provision and providing and the material aspects of life.","resonates with leadership and leading by positive example, the","and the concept of",", altruism and benevolence,","and",", your",",","and service to humanity.  Number 9 also indicates endings, closures and conclusion."]
["Angel Number 1699 suggests that something in your life is about to leave or come to an end and will be replaced with something better.  It is time to detach from material items and possessions if you have an obsession or ‘need’ to own them/it in order to bolster your self-esteem and/or ego.  Reconsider your true values and inner-truths and live accordingly.  Release the ‘false’ from your life and strive to be your authentic self. Your","ask that you be open to receiving new possessions or opportunities that may exceed your expectations as you are ready for an upgrade and a make-over, and you deserve the very best. Give any fears or concerns to your angels for healing and transmutation and be prepared to live your spiritual truths and values."]
["Angel Number 1699 is","that you are to focus upon on your",", as now is the time to fully live your personal truths and spiritual path. Trust that as you serve your","you will be leading and teaching others by positive example, and all of your monetary and material needs will be provided in order to assist and sustain you."]
["Angel Number 1699 may also be suggesting that it is time to let go of a situation that has now ran its course. The angels wish to remind you that as one door closes, another opens, and the","are helping you to open those new doors of opportunity and help you heal from any pain, sorrow or feelings of loss that may accompany the transition that you are now undergoing. Stay focused on positive outcomes and know that your","support you, always."]
["Number 1699 relates to","(1+6+9+9=25, 2+5=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
