"Number 2138 brings together the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 1, the energies of number 3, and the qualities of number 8."
"Number 2"
["brings diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with new beginnings and starting afresh, creation, self-reliance, progress, activity and raw energy, attainment and fulfilment. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and into the direction of our desires."]
"Number 3"
["relates to energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity,",", self-expression, encouragement and assistance, natural talent and skills, and ‘faith hope and charity’. Number 3 also relates to the","."]
"Number 8"
["resonates with personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance, prosperity and abundance, and the concept of","; the",".","Angel Number 2138 suggests that your prayers and requests for increased income, wealth and abundance have been heard and are being responded to by the",",","and Universal Energies. Have no fear of lack or loss in your life as your financial and monetary needs will be met in miraculous ways. Use your natural","and","abilities to bring about your desires. Give up the fear of how to make ends meet and have faith and trust that the Universal Energies will ensure your prosperity.","Angel Number 2138 can also be a prompt to begin (or expand) a",", or a venture or business aimed at serving others. Trust that when you pursue your passions and purpose, you will find success on all levels. You can bring about your dreams more quickly by paying attention to your thoughts, feelings, visions intuitive messages and words that repeat themselves to you.","Angel Number 2138 tells you to watch your thoughts right now as you will manifest them into reality. Ensure that you only think positive and uplifting thoughts, rather than negative thoughts or expectations. You get what you expect so make sure you radiate positive energy, always."]
["Number 2138 relates to","(2+1+3+8=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
