["Number 1223 resonates with the compilation of the qualities of number 1 blended with the attributes of the number 2 and the energies of number 3.","promotes new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and taking action, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition.  Number 1 also relates to","by your thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with duality, service to others, diplomacy and compromise, balance, flexibility and adaptability, support, encouragement and kindness.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and",".","adds self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase.  Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the",".  It indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked.  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within."]
"Number 1 encourages you to step forward and start something new, different and life-changing.  Number 2 (appearing twice) sets you on your course of action with balance, faith and ability.  Number 3 sees expansion of concepts and life-themes, and encourages self-expression and communication from your authentic self."
["If feeling any doubts or fears about which actions to take,","and listen to your intuition and",".  Know that you have all that you need within to achieve your goals and aspirations ... you just have to make the choices to do so, and take the appropriate actions. Have faith and trust in yourself, your angels and the","."]
["Angel Number 1223 encourages you to have faith, trust and belief in your intuition and intuitive messages and prompts.  Be open to","and the",", and trust your","and feelings, then take positive action as guided."]
["Angel Number 1223 encourages you to use your natural skills, talents and abilities to fully pursue, serve and","and","."]
["Number 1223 relates to","(1+2+2+3=8) and","."]
