["Number 3140 brings together the vibrations and energies of number 3 and number 1, and the attributes and influences of number 4 and number 0.","is related to growth and expansion, affability, enthusiasm, spontaneity and broadmindedness, optimism and joy, natural talent and skills, creativity,",", self-expression and communication. Number 3 is also associated with the energies of the",".","resonates with independence and uniqueness, striving forward and new beginnings, motivation, assertiveness and action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 brings a reminder that","and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","encourages working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, structure, stability and endurance, conscientiousness, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",", and what motivates and drives us in our lives.","relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, potential and/or choice, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
"Angel Number 3140 relates to faith, wisdom, acceptance, dignity, purpose, passion and a heightened intuitive awareness. Take charge and choose to see the positive aspects of all situations and make a point of finding personal joy in all of your interactions with others. Communicate openly and honestly and express your truths at all times. Use your sense of humour to diffuse any negative or volatile situation and look to see the lighter side of things."
["Angel Number 3140 encourages you to use your natural, positive attributes to uplift others as you purposefully work towards attaining your goals and desires, whatever they may be.  There may be some new opportunities that will present to you in regards to income, employment and/or promotion, so do not be afraid to try something new and different. Trust that you have all the skills and abilities you will need, and what you don’t already know you will learn quickly. When you live your life with love and light you","and auspicious circumstances and results into your life."]
"It is important to stay positive and hold a clear vision of your desires and intentions and take notice of the strong, repetitive impressions that come to you through your feelings, thoughts and visions. Question whether your choices, values and actions match up and raise the standards of your actions rather than lower your values."
["Angel Number 3140 reminds you that you have an important life and","that involves communicating with others and helping them to gain their own enlightenment. Respect yourself and others, show tolerance and compassion, and strive to be your highest and best."]
["Number 3140 relates to","(3+1+4+0=8) and","."]
