["Number 1949 relates to","(1+9+4+9=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"Number 1949 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 9, with number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 4."
"Number 1"
["relates to new beginnings, motivation and progress, inspiration, tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, attainment, achievement and success, fulfilment and omniscience. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", seeing things from a higher perspective, the concepts of"]
"karma"
["and",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["adds its vibrations of honesty and integrity, self-control, loyalty and conscientiousness, traditional values, hard work and responsibility, practicality and application, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the",".","Angel Number 1949 brings","that it may be time to finish a project or situation, or be rid of something (or someone) that no longer suits your personal and lifestyle choices. Do not be afraid to shed things/people/ideas that no longer have a positive place in the scheme of your life. You control your own energies and environment, so make sure that they reflect the true you.","Angel Number 1949 is","encouraging you to use your natural","talents, skills and interests to help the world awaken and heal. Your skills and talents are greatly needed, and your","encourage you to follow your soul’s promptings. Devote time and effort towards your true desires and priorities and pay special attention to your intuitive feelings and thoughts. Your positive love and light is much needed at this time and your angels encourage you to follow through with your goals and aspirations to do with your spiritual path and",".","If you have been considering taking up a","profession and/or career, or heart-based service or project, now is the ideal time to set the foundations for future success. Trust that you have all the necessary tools, skills and abilities to be a powerful",".","It is time to fulfill your destiny; the Divine plan of your soul. Your","is your reason for being. It is your duty to be who you truly are in every way, and fulfil your true potential and destiny."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
