["Number 2995 is a blend of the attributes of number 2, the energies of number 9 appearing twice, magnifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 5.","resonates with your intuition and insight, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, receptivity and love, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust, and your","and",".","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and",".","relates to life changes, versatility and adaptability, vitality, inspiration, imagination and curiosity,",", cleverness and intelligence, motivation and activity,","that suit who you truly are, and personal freedom."]
"Angel Number 2995 is a number of change, endings, balance, insight and advancements on all levels."
["Angel Number 2995 encourages you to look closely at situations in your life that may not be as you would like or are not working for you, and either find ways to suitably adjust them or decide if it is time to bring closure to the situation/s. Your intentions,","and","have manifested and created an upward trend in your life and new opportunities are coming your way and you are radiating positive energy and growth, so now is the time to discern what needs to leave your life and what (and who) can stay. Analyse your life’s priorities and","that reflect your true values and belief systems and take charge of your life in all ways."]
["Pursue favourable new opportunities and make the positive life changes that you desire. Know that you have the power within you to change anything in your life that does not resonate with you and/or that may be out of balance. Use this time to make yourself stronger and more resilient and to reflect upon the","learnt as you will have learned a great deal that will help and assist you in the future."]
"Choose to live a life of love and joy by choosing to be in environments that resonate with you and that create positive thoughts, feelings and experiences."
["Number 2995 relates to","(2+9+9+5=25, 2+5=7) and","."]
