["Number 408 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of number 4, the influences of number 0 and the energies of the powerful number 8.","brings the qualities of realistic values, truth and honesty, determination and diligence, building strong foundations for the self and others, achieving success, practicality and hard work. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive, and the","."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
"resonates with"
", self-discipline, learning through experience, inner-strength and"
", a desire for peace and a love of humanity and world transformation, self-reliance and dependability, giving and receiving and the concept of"
"the"
"."
"Angel Number 408 indicates that the ‘angels of abundance’ surround you and are with you as you experience positive life changes. They ask that you release any fears about your finances and trust that your needs will be met."
["Angel Number 408 is a message that the hard work and determination you have put towards living your life according to your personal truths has fully aligned you with your","and",", and with this you will","and plenty to maintain and sustain you as you continue along your path. Trust that the","are supporting, encouraging and guiding you."]
"Angel Number 408 may indicated that a cycle or phase will soon be coming to an end, with rewards coming from hard work well done. Do not fear lack or loss as these endings and conclusions will lead to auspicious new beginnings and opportunities, and your success and achievement will bring blessings and rewards of many kinds into your life."
["Begin to recognize prosperity everywhere and rejoice in it and","for it."]
["Number 408 also relates to the","(4+0+8=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
