["Number 2789 is a compilation of the attributes of number 2, the energies of number 7, the vibrations of number 8, and the qualities of number 9.","resonates with faith and trust, service to others, balance and harmony, understanding, adaptability, diplomacy and mediation, partnerships and relationships, support and encouragement, and serving your","and",".","is the number of knowledge and understanding,","and listening to the inner-self,","and",", learning and education, determination and persistence of purpose, mysticism,","and",".","relates to",", self-confidence and personal authority, achievement and successes, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity. Number 8 is also the number of","– the",".","encourages setting a positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, an expansive viewpoint, and endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the","."]
"Angel Number 2789 brings a message to ask yourself what you are really doing and why. Assess all in your life and"
"what resonates with you in positive ways, and what does not. Be respectful of yourself and others and choose to be a positive example of how to be. Look to ways of expanding and expressing your values, principles and inner-truths and you will find that others may follow your lead."
["Your past shapes you, but does not define you. The key to progress is one foot in front of the other, moving forward with each step. Everything that has happened in the past has served to push you forward. Looking back with regret and/or fretting about the future robs you of the present moment. Release the past with love and","for the lessons and experiences it brought you, and look to the future with enthusiasm and confidence. Old thoughts and patterns of behaviour negates present opportunities to be clearly acknowledged and taken advantage of."]
["Angel Number 2789 may also suggest that if you feel inclined to pursue a s","or heart-based venture or project, now is a most auspicious time to look to your interests and options. It is time to","and use them to benefit yourself and others in a","capacity."]
["Number 2789 relates to","(2+7+8+9=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
