"Number 968 is a combination of the influences and attributes of number 9 and number 6, and the vibrations of number 8."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["relates to love of home and family and domesticity, providing for the self and others, service to others and selflessness,",", responsibility and reliability, dignity and simplicity, mediation and the ability to compromise, finding solutions and overcoming obstacles."]
["is the number of self-confidence, personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, reality, dependability and self-reliance, and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["Angel Number 968 suggests that the","are overseeing the material and financial aspects of your daily life. Your","and prayers regarding your financial circumstances have been heard and are being positively responded to by the","and Universal Energies. You are encouraged to continue on your","with confidence and optimism, safe in the knowledge that all of your monetary and material needs will be met and you and your loved ones will always be supported."]
["Angel Number 968 encourages you to devote your efforts towards your spiritual passions and interests, which in turn will","and plenty into your life. When you focus upon your personal spiritual values and inner-truths and take action accordingly you will ensure that all of your material and monetary needs are met, sometimes in miraculous ways. Trust that you are well guided and supported in your life."]
"Angel Number 968 tells you that if you are dissatisfied with your job/career/occupation, it is time to follow your heart and true calling. When your life is in conflict with your true self you feel out of balance and unfulfilled as you are not being true to yourself. No one knows what suits you and what is best for you but yourself. Search within and seek what you love and enjoy in life, then look to ways to build a career/business or lifestyle around it. Be creative and innovative and seek out a path that suits your soul."
"Angel Number 968 may also be suggesting that endings will be taking place in your life that will lead you to fresh new beginnings that will bring you success and"
"in many ways."
["Number 968 relates to","(9+6+8=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"- The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
