["Number 642 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 6 and number 4, and the vibrations of number 2.","adds its amplified energies of the monetary and financial aspects of life, providing and provision, order and economy, the ability to compromise and solution-finding, idealism, just and justice, parenthood, guardianship, service to others, and love of home and family.","relates to the vibrations of working steadily towards goals and aspirations, practicality and patience, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the",".","resonates with finding balance and harmony, faith and trust, grace and devotion, encouragement and support, partnerships and relationships, and serving your","and","."]
["Angel Number 642 indicates that your material needs will be met as you live your truths, and serve your","with passion and commitment and focus upon establishing solid foundations for yourself and others. You can expect wonderful blessings of all kinds to enter your life, and these blessings are to be shared with loved ones and put to good use. Your","want you to know that you are protected, supported and loved, and they encourage you to remain patience, persistent and optimistic."]
["Angel Number 642 encourages you to release any fears, worries or concerns about your finances//income/work/career to the angels for healing and transmutation. Have no fears about stepping forth in your life as all will work out for your highest good. It is important to honour your true-self’s guidance and passionately pursue your",". Keep up the positive attitude and expect to reap more rewards and blessings in your life."]
"When you have fearful and negative thoughts you create an energy force that attracts what you fear. Recognize your fears and stop allowing them to have power over you. Keep an open mind as with an open mind you are able to gain insight and/or answers that you may have overlooked or not considered at all."
["Number 642 relates to","(6+4+2=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
