["Number 1609 is made up of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 6, and the attributes and influences of number 0 and number 9.","brings its qualities of positivity, intuition and instinct, courage, ambition and attainment, fresh new beginnings and taking new directions.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, provision and providing and the material aspects of life.","carries the energies of eternity and infinity, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  Number 0 relates to","and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers. Number 0 also amplifies and magnifies the attributes and energies of the number it appears with.","resonates with leadership and leading by positive example, the","and",", altruism and benevolence,","and",", serving  your",",","and service to humanity.  Number 9 also indicates endings, closures and conclusion."]
["Angel Number 1609 is a message to take action on the ideas, thoughts and promptings you have been experiencing. Trust that the most suited and appropriate career choice or interest will present in your life, and your","encourage you to take up the opportunity. Maintain a","and an optimistic outlook and your goals and aspirations will manifest to fruition in your life. Follow the intuitive and","regarding your true","and trust that your material needs will be met as required."]
["Angel Number 1609 suggests that you are to take action towards living and serving your",". Release any fears and anxieties to the angels, and get on with your passion and","without further delay. It is your right to be a powerful being.  Use your personal power in a loving way that benefits yourself and others . Listen to your intuitive messages and take positive action in the direction of","."]
["Angel Number 1609 is","to stop procrastinating and get on with the important things in your life. It is time for you to detach from your old and outdated material possessions and items and ‘let go’ and ‘release the old’.  You are assured you that whatever leaves your life will be replaced with ‘new’ and ‘better’.  Be open to receiving all that you deserve as you are ready for an upgrade in your life."]
["Angel Number 1609 can also suggest that you are at the end of a cycle or phase in your life.","to comfort and guide you towards your next steps, and trust that happiness and fulfilment await you with ‘new’ about to enter your life."]
["Number 1609 relates to","(1+6+0+9=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
