["Number 1239 is a compilation of the energies of number 1 and number 2, and the attributes of number 3 and number 9.","resonates with the vibrations of initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach, action, motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and","and",".","brings its vibrations of growth, expansion and the principles of increase, sensitivity, self-expression, creativity, joy and optimism.  Number 3 is also the vibration of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". The Masters are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","resonates with leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, and endings, closure and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",", the concept of","and the","(Cause and Effect)."]
["Angel Number 1239 indicates that your confidence and self-esteem are being boosted and your faith and trust encouraged by the Ascended Masters and the Universal Energies.  You are urged to use your natural skills, talents and communication skills to help and assist others as you",".  Be open to help, support and","."]
["Angel Number 1239 is","and the","that you are to have faith in your natural","talents and abilities, and put them to good use. Trust the","in all aspects to do with your","and keep up your wonderful ‘light work’.  You are helping others by living as a positive example and shining your love and light on the world.  Always choose the path where you can do the most good in the world."]
"Angel Number 1239 encourages you to let go of things that no longer positively serve you, and welcome the ‘new and exciting’ into your life."
["Number 1239 relates to","(1+2+3+9=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
