["Number 1985 relates to","(1+9+8+5=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"Number 1985 is a compilation of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 9, and the attributes and qualities of number 8 and number 5."
"Number 1"
["relates to creation, new beginnings, ambition and will power, motivation, insight and initiative, inspiration and intuition. Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with the",", leading life as a positive example for others, a higher perspective, strength of character, benevolence and generosity, tolerance and humility, service to humanity, your","and destiny and",". Number 9 also relates to endings, conclusions and closure."]
"Number 8"
["brings patience, practicality and dependability,",", personal authority and inner-strength, prosperity, good judgement and discernment, achieving material success,","wealth and",", and the concept of","– the","."]
"Number 5"
["tells of major life changes,","and decisions, expansion and opportunity, unconventional, individualism, non-attachment, adaptability and versatility, personal freedom, resourcefulness and curiosity, and","learned through experience.","Angel Number 1985 suggests that you take the time to","and listen to your intuitive messages as the","are guiding you through important changes both in your inner-life and outer-life. You may be feeling the need to free yourself of situations (of all kinds) that no longer resonate with you, making more room in your life for things that are more aligned with you on all levels.","Angel Number 1985 brings","that the positive changes you have made to your life (or are considering) will bring you into alignment with your","as a",", and will bring a deeper meaning to some important aspects your life. You are fully supported with the important changes you are making and you are encouraged to continue following your soul’s calling and",". Trust that your material wants and needs will be met as you continue along your path, living your life as a positive example for others to follow.","Angel Number 1985 brings support and encouragement from your","as there are some changes to come to your life that will shake up your equilibrium and may see you needing to step out of your comfort zone in order to find new meaning and a higher perspective to current situations in your life. Although these changes may at first seem unwanted and/or disruptive, they will turn out to be blessings in disguise and will usher in wonderful opportunities to reassess your current life course and make adjustments accordingly. Adapt to changes with grace and","for the","and experiences they bring."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
