"Number 852 is a combination of the vibrations of number 8, the energies of number 5, and the energies of number 2."
["relates to practicality, personal power and authority, dependability and self-reliance,",",","and decisiveness, a desire for peace and a love of humanity, world transformation, giving and receiving and the",";","."]
["resonates with individuality, making major life changes, promotion and advancements, release and surrender, cleverness and intelligence,",", adaptability and versatility, and","learned through experience."]
["is the number of faith and trust, finding balance and harmony, caution, diplomacy and mediation, service to others, compassion and selflessness, love, encouragement and happiness. Number 2 also resonates with serving your","and","."]
["Angel Number 852 brings","to have faith and trust that the important changes taking place in your life are happening for your highest good and will be most beneficial for you. Wonderful new opportunities will present themselves along with these changes, and you are encouraged to look upon them in a positive light. Trust that your actions will",", success and happiness for yourself and your loved ones. Keep your focus and attention on your vision."]
"Angel Number 852 encourages you to follow your heart as your heart knows what your soul wants, and trust your intuition so that you do not second-guess yourself."
["Angel Number 852 tells you that you have manifested new opportunities and changes in your life that will rapidly advance you along your","and with your",". Trust that these changes will lead to succeed and satisfaction and your goals will be attained."]
"Overcome self-imposed barriers and limitations and project confidence into your words and actions. Accept your weaknesses but do not allow your imperfections to limit your potential. Believe in yourself and open your heart and mind to the possibilities of your own life."
["Number 852 relates to","(8+5+2=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
