"Number 1997 is a compilation of the energies of number 1, the attributes of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 7."
"Number 1"
["relates to new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving ahead, attainment and happiness. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["promotes","and humanitarianism, service to others, high ideals, influence, leadership and leading others by positive example, and conclusions and endings. Number 9 also relates to the","and the concepts of","and","."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with the esoteric and mystical,",",","and",", inner-knowing and understanding others, compassion,","and",", individuality and uniqueness, peace, persistence of purpose, learning, study and education."]
"Angel Number 1997 may suggest that you are shedding old aspects of your life that no longer positively serve you, and suggests that forthcoming changes will bring about fresh new beginnings and ways of doing and being. Look to ways of expanding and building upon your personal spirituality as a spiritual choice takes the struggle out of a situation, helps you to accept it for what it is, and teaches you the way to assess and trust your inner-knowing."
["Angel Number 1997 tells of inner-strength and having the courage to live your life with truth and integrity, and using your personal power in positive ways. You are being encouraged to step up to be the best that you can be as you have many unique talents and skills to be brought to the fore to be used for the benefit of all. You have an important","to serve and only you can fulfill it. Be true to your soul’s essence and live your life in your own unique way and shine your Light for others to follow."]
"Question things, explore different ideas and do your own research. Find out things for yourself and draw your own conclusions. Don’t follow the crown. Strike out on your own path. Only YOU should decide what your personal beliefs and paths are."
["Number 1997 relates to","(1+9+9+7=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
