["Number 1394 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 3, and the vibrations and qualities of number 9 and number 4.","promotes creation, progress, inspiration and intuition, new beginnings, striving forward, motivation and progress, uniqueness and individuality.  Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that",".","indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. They help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".  Number 3 resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, natural talent and skills, joy and optimism.","resonates with","and humanitarianism, service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example,","and the",".  Number 9 also relates to the","and",".","resonates with honesty and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values,",", and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the","."]
["Angel Number 1394 is a message to do with your","and",", and you are to pursue your spiritual interests and career and life choices.  If you are considering beginning or expanding a",", now is a suitable time to take on this endeavour.  Using your natural","abilities and talents, and living your life as a positive example for others to learn from are important aspects of your",".","when feeling the need for concise help and/or direction.  You are encouraged to continue to live your personal truths as a spiritual being, and remember that your thoughts create your realities, so be sure to maintain a","and outlook."]
["Angel Number 1394 is","to stop procrastinating and get on with","and","without delay.  You have all that you need in every way and the","encourage you to take on your mission today.  Listen to your intuition and","and trust that you are supported in every way along your path."]
["Relax and allow yourself to","and",".  Part of your angel’s mission is to help you fulfill your",".  Be empowered in your journey to pursue your dreams, goals and aspirations."]
["Number 1394 relates to","(1+3+9+4=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
