["Number 1414 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 4.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, new beginnings and starting afresh.  Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to hard work and effort, building solid foundations, stability and practicality, honesty and integrity, system and order, patience, dependability, our passion and drive, and working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations. Number 4 also relates to the","."]
["Angel Number 1414 is","that your thoughts and feelings are being elevated to a more positive state.  Give any fears or concerns of any kind to the angels for healing and transmutation, and have faith and trust that you are being supported, encouraged and guided by the angels along your path.  You are safe and protected  -  always."]
["Angel Number 1414 is a reminder to maintain a",", mind-set and optimistic outlook to attract positive energies and auspicious circumstances into your life.  Practice","and prayers to maintain a strong connection to the angelic and spiritual realms.  Be mindful of the","as the energy you send out comes back to you."]
["Angel Number 1414 is a message to be careful what you wish for, as you just might get it.  Stay positive, optimistic and practical to ensure that you manifest what you want, rather than what you don’t.  Building strong foundations from well-laid plans ensures future stability, progress and success.  Put your efforts and focus towards your long-term goals and aspirations and work with purpose, passion and drive.  Courageously step forward in the direction of your true",", and trust that the things you require will manifest when needed in your life."]
"At each new phase in our lives we are somewhere we have never been before.  Have faith and trust that you have the skills, talents and abilities to face all that lay ahead of you.  You are where you are meant to be at this time."
"We do best what we enjoy and feel passionate about."
["Number 1414 relates to","(1+4+1+4=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
