"Number 2497 brings together the attributes and energies of number 2 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 9 and number 7."
"Number 2"
["promotes duality, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, devotion and selflessness, insight and intuition, faith and trust and your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["brings its vibrations of diligence and determination to achieve goals, endurance, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, honesty and integrity. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",", and our passion and drive in life."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with learning, study and education, determination and persistence of purpose, finding peace, faith and spirituality, inner-strength and inner-knowing,","and",", mysticism, the esoteric,","and","."]
"Number 9"
["relates to leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",", the concept of","and the",".","Angel Number 2497 tells you to be aware and observant of even the smallest events and synchronicities that are presenting for you right now. Watch out for signs, symbols and omens that appear as they are bringing you messages and guidance to follow."]
["Angel Number 2497 also encourages you to clear your own energies and be willing to forgive yourself and others. Forgiving and forgiveness does not mean condoning another’s actions, but rather, it released and removes the burden from your energy and allows you more room for love, spiritual growth, peace of mind and joy in your life. Forgive yourself for past choices and actions, learn the","from the experience, accept yourself and enjoy the opportunities that the Universe provides. Clear energy flow offers many opportunities to increase your self-awareness and learn to better trust yourself as you travel your spiritual path."]
["Number 2497 relates to the","(2+4+9+7=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"Strive for peace and joy in all aspects of your life and show love and compassion at every opportunity. Seek the light that glows within you and shine it brightly for all to see."
