["Number 1298 is made up of the vibrations of number 1 and number 2, and the attributes of number 9 and number 8.","promotes new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and taking action, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and initiative, instinct and intuition.  Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","lends its vibrations of faith and trust, balance and poise, insightfulness and sensitivity, partnerships and relationships with others, encouragement and happiness and",".","resonates with leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, and endings, closure and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",",","and the",".","resonates with personal power and authority, inner-wisdom, truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance, manifesting wealth and abundance, and Karma  -  the Universal Spiritual Law of Cause and Effect."]
["Angel Number 1298 tells you that the examples you are setting by living your truths is encouraging and teaching others to follow suit, and your angels want you to keep up your great",".  Your","encourage you to live your life with passion and",", and trust that you will find success in all that you put your heart and soul towards."]
["Angel Number 1298 is","that your faith, optimism,","and the","you have been doing have all ensured that your path will always be blessed with abundance.  Trust that your material needs will be catered to and your life’s work will be fully supported by the angels and the Universe.  Trust in the infinite supply of Universal","."]
["Angel Number 1298 may be indicating that if you have been considering beginning or expanding",", now may be a most auspicious time to do so.  Trust that you have all that you will need as you progress along your path.  Have faith and trust in yourself and your","."]
"The angels encourage you to shed old parts of your life that no longer suit who you are.  You are now living a more authentic life being true to yourself and your angels applaud your choices and decisions."
["Number 1298 relates to","(1+2+9+8=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
