["Number 1332 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 3 (appearing twice, amplifying is influences) and  the vibrations of number 2.","resonates with insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment.  Number 1 encourages us to step forward in our chosen directions, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its vibrations of growth, expansion and the principles of increase, sensitivity, self-expression, creativity, joy and optimism.  Number 3 resonates with the vibrations of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".  The Masters help you to find peace, clarity and love within.","imbues balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, diplomacy and co-operation.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and pursuing your","and","."]
"Angel Number 1332 is a number of faith and trust in yourself and your personal abilities.  You are encouraged to step in the direction you desire with confidence and optimism and with the belief that you will find success and fulfilment.  Do not be afraid to take on new challenges and opportunities as they will prove to be of great benefit to you.  Never doubt yourself or the power of the angels."
"Angel Number 1332 suggests that the Ascended Masters and your angels are encouraging and supporting you in your quest to find success, balance and harmony in your life.  It is a message from your angels and the Ascended Masters that you can call on them to stay spiritually connected and centered.  Faith creates miracles to happen in your life."
"Angel Number 1332 is a message to stay positive and optimistic about your future and destiny, and give any concerns, fears and worries to the angels for healing and transmutation.  Using positive affirmations, maintaining a positive attitude and focusing on a successful and fulfilling future will manifest your wishes, wants and desires into your life."
"Express your truths with confidence and communicate with others on a spiritual level."
["Number 1332 relates to","(1+3+3+2=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
