["Number 2004 relates to","(2+0+0+4=6) and","."]
"Number 2004 is a compilation of the attributes of number 2 blended with the energies of number 0 appearing twice (amplifying its own influences and those of the numbers it appears with), and the vibrations of number 4."
"Number 2"
["relates to duality and finding balance, partnership and relationships, diplomacy and adaptability, sensitivity and selflessness, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["vibrates to the ‘God’ force and Universal Energies (or Source), and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, honesty and integrity, reality and realistic values, stability and ability, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals, our drive and passion in life and the energies of the",".","Angel Number 2004 brings a request from your","to stay patient a little longer as details are being worked out behind the scenes and are not quite ready just yet. Once all falls into place in Divine right time you will find your prayers answered and solutions found.  The hard work, will and effort you have put in will reap","and you will be rewarded for good work well done. Maintain faith and trust and a","and outlook, and expect the best results. Trust that achieving your goals is within sight and your patience will be rewarded.","Angel Number 2004 is","to continue on your present path with passion and enthusiasm. Believe in yourself and your inner-talents and abilities in order to find success and achieve your desires and aspirations. When coincidences, synchronicities and miracles begin to appear in your life, you know that the","are with you.","Your","remind you that you have learned a great deal from your life’s experiences and relationships, and now it is time to pass this learned knowledge and wisdom onto others. Know that all is going to Divine plan in your life."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
