["Number 1497 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 9 and number 7.","relates to new beginnings and starting new ventures, motivation and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, independence and uniqueness, achievement and attainment.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also brings the energies of the",".","brings its energies of leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem-solving, generosity and benevolence, and endings, closure and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",", the concept of","and the",".","resonates with inner-strength, learning and education, understanding the self and others, determination and persistence of purpose, the ability to set limits,",",","and",",",", mysticism and","."]
["Angel Number 1497 encourages you to expand your personal spirituality and spiritual pursuits, and if you feel the inclination to study, learn and expand your consciousness, Angel Number 1497 indicates that now is a most auspicious time to begin. Your plans and intentions are guiding and directing you towards the next major step/s along your spiritual path and your","encourage you to consider your true priorities and take positive action related to your","and",".  Your path may not seem totally clear to you at all times, but trust that all is going to Divine plan and the angels are by your side, guiding and supporting you and your choices to live with truth, honesty and integrity."]
"Angel Number 1497 also suggests that you are shedding old facets of your life that no longer positively serve you.  Let the ‘old’ go with love and gratitude for its service to you and be open to receiving the ‘new’."
["Recognizing and acknowledging the","builds your faith that your life has","and meaning, and allows you to move forward in your life with less fear and hesitation, and more confidence, joy and love.  Allow your true self to shine."]
["Number 1497 relates to","(1+4+9+7=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
