["Number 1383 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 3 (with number 3 appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the vibrations of number 8.","contributes its energies of optimism, motivation and activity, creation, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress, attainment and happiness.  Number 1 also tells you that","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with optimism and joy, self-expression and communication, imagination and intelligence, energy, growth and expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills.  Number 3 is also the number of the",".  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".  They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.  Number 3 tells you that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked.","relates to manifesting",", personal power and authority, a desire for peace and a love of humanity and world transformation,",", giving and receiving and the","–",".  Number 8 is known as a ‘power’ number."]
["Angel Number 1383 is a message to release any fears of lack or loss to the angels, and continue","with passion and purpose, knowing that as you sow, so shall you reap.  Trust that your devotion and diligence will reap many rewards of all kinds.  Have faith and trust in the Universe."]
["Angel Number 1383 is an auspicious message about",".  The angels are helping you to be open and receptive to the flow of infinite Universal abundance.  Know that you deserve your ‘good’  -  but you must be open to receiving it as per the","."]
"Put your ‘plenty’ to good use and remember that the more you have, the more you have to share with others, continuing the flow of positive energies and abundance."
"The angels are emphasizing that you watch your thoughts right now as you will manifest them into reality.  Ensure that you only think positive and uplifting thoughts, rather than negative thoughts or expectations.  You get what you expect so make sure you radiate positive energy, always."
"Be ready and willing to share your unique gifts with the world."
["Number 1383 relates to","(1+3+8+3=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
