["Number 1194 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, doubling its influences and also relating to the karmic Master Number 11) blended with the attributes of number 9 and number 4.","relates to new beginnings, motivation and progress, inspiration, attainment, self-leadership and assertiveness, achievement and success, fulfilment and omniscience. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.  Number 1 appearing twice together relates to the",".  The karmic number 11 resonates with the principles of","and",", illumination, sensitivity, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and","and",".","resonates with",", a higher perspective,",", living life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, leadership and",".  Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","resonates with patience, truth and integrity, practicality, working steadily towards goals and aspirations, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination."]
["Angel Number 1194 suggests that your ideal employment or income-earning venture or opportunity will present itself in Divine right time.  Stay alert to the","and the guidance given through your dreams, thoughts, intuition and feelings  -  then  take positive action.  Trust that what you really want is worth waiting for and working towards."]
["Angel Number 1194 is","that you are to use your natural","talents, skills and interests to help the world awaken and heal.  Your positive love and light is much needed at this time and your angels encourage you to follow through with your goals and aspirations to do with your spiritual path and","."]
["Devote time and effort towards your true desires and priorities. Pay special attention to your intuitive feelings and thoughts, and follow their guidance as they are giving you directions about your next steps.  Relax and allow yourself to","and","Remember that you are never alone in your troubles, worries or sorrows.  Your","hear you and are listening  -  are you?"]
["Number 1194 relates to","(1+1+9+4=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
