"Number 1445 is a compilation of the attributes and vibrations of number 1 and number 4, with number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of"
["number 5.","promotes positive changes, new beginnings and projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and tenacity,"]
["ambition and will power.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to live up to our full potential."]
"resonates with building solid foundations, hard work and effort, stability and practicality, system and order, dependability, our passion and drive in life, and"
["achieving success. Number 4 relates to working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations, and resonates with the energies of the","."]
["encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom, life changes and making","and decisions,"]
["variety, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation, activity,progress and learning","through experience."]
["Angel Number 1445 indicates that you are being supported by the","during the life changes you are contemplating or currently making.  The angels have influenced"]
"these changes so that you can take full advantage of the opportunities that will present to you.  You are encouraged to go along with your plans, safe in the knowledge that"
"you are being Divinely and intuitively guided through each and every step. The angels are working on making current life changes smooth in transition for you and are"
["ensuring that all goes to Divine plan.","you along the way."]
["Angel Number 1445 is","to put your efforts towards the things in your life that embrace and enhance who you truly are, your lifestyle choices"]
"and your life in general.  It is time to do things the way that you want them to be done, and have things the way you want them to be. Be prepared to make necessary"
"changes that will bring auspicious opportunities to advance you along your path and help you in your quest.  Trust that these changes will bring ‘better’ into your life in"
"all ways."
"Angel Number 1445 can indicate that through your hard work and effort you have earned your just rewards and can expect great things to come into your life. It may also"
"suggest that it is a good time to give birth to new ideas and situations in your life, safe in the knowledge that the angels are guiding, protecting and watching over you"
"during the planning, process and pursuit of your goals."
["When making important","and changes ask yourself which way brings you closer to your true self, and which takes you away from it."]
["Number 1445 relates to","(1+4+4+5=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
