["Number 1195 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its energies and resonating with the karmic Master Number 11) and the attributes of number 9 and number 5.","promotes new beginnings, striving forward and progress, ambition and motivation, will power, self-leadership and assertiveness, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones. Number 1 also relates to","with our actions, thoughts and beliefs.  Two number 1's appearing together relate to the",".  The karmic Master Teacher number 11 relates to the principles of",", illumination, high energy, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, creative idealism and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and serve our","and",".  Number 9 resonates with","and humanitarianism, service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example,",",","and the",".","also relates to the","and",".  Number 9 is the number of endings, closures and completions.","resonates with major life changes,",", promotion and advancements, adaptability and versatility, personal freedom and individuality, life lessons learned through experience and resourcefulness."]
["Angel Number 1195 is","that the life changes you are considering making are the right ones for you.  Your optimistic feelings and","and thoughts are assisting with","in regards to your",". Your","want you to know that you are on the right track, so keep going."]
["Angel Number 1195 asks you to trust the messages you are receiving intuitively as they are guiding you towards making necessary, positive life changes that will assist you with fully living and","and",".  The angels support and encourage you to make these important life changes as they will be of great long-term benefit to you.  You may need to release and let go of the ‘old’ (including old and outdated ways of doing things) in order to allow the ‘new’ to enter your life.  Your","and helping you every step of the way."]
["Angel Number 1195 is a message to",", and as a result, live your life as a positive example for others to follow.  Do not be afraid to step in the direction of your dreams, and if you are currently experiencing some upheaval or difficulties in your life, remember that “all great changes are preceded by chaos” (Deepak Chopra)."]
"Life’s choices will teach you your life’s lessons.  Learn them well and the key to understanding is yours."
["Number 1195 relates to","(1+1+9+5=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
