"Number 2479 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 4, the energies of number 7 and the influences of number 9."
"Number 2"
["promotes duality, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, devotion and selflessness, insight and intuition, faith and trust and your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["brings its vibrations of diligence and determination to achieve goals, endurance, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, honesty and integrity. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",", and our passion and drive in life."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with learning, study and education, determination and persistence of purpose, finding peace, faith and spirituality, inner-strength and inner-knowing,","and",", mysticism, the esoteric,","and","."]
"Number 9"
["relates to leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",", the concept of","and the",".","Angel Number 2479 asks you to follow the guidance from your","and",", and know that only you can fulfil your","and",".","Angel Number 2479 is a message of blessings and congratulations for courageously following your intuition in regards to current life circumstances. Your ideas, thoughts, promptings and actions to do with your","and life path have been Divinely guided and you have followed the directions with diligence and integrity. The","applaud your efforts and devotion to serving your","and being a positive example for others to follow. Spend time and energy devoted to your personal spirituality and serving others as your soul dictates and you will find that your aspirations will be met on all levels.","Angel Number 2479 may also suggest that a cycle or phase will be coming to an end soon, with rewards coming from hard work well done. Do not fear lack or loss as these endings and conclusions will lead to auspicious new beginnings and opportunities, and your success and achievement will bring blessings and rewards of many kinds into your life."]
["Number 2479 relates to the","(2+4+7+9=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
