["Number 1855 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 8, and the vibrations of number 5 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","promotes creativity and creation, pioneering, action and initiative, new beginnings and motivation, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, intentions, beliefs and actions.","relates to personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance, good judgement and discernment, the concept of","and","wealth and",".","resonates with personal freedom and individuality, major life changes, making important",", promotion and advancements, adaptability and versatility,","learned through experience and resourcefulness."]
["Angel Number 1855 brings","that infinite","is always available to you. Use tools such as prayers,","and positive thinking to","a continuous and steady flow in your life. Changes being made to the way you derive an income will lead to long-term financial security. Maintain faith and trust that your needs will always be met as you step into your own power and make positive, long-lasting changes to your life."]
["Angel Number 1855 encourages you to elevate your thoughts and emotions to a higher vibration in order to attract and allow more","to enter your life.","with your intentions, beliefs, thoughts and actions and your free-will is experienced in both the larger and smaller choices in life. Give any fears or anxieties to the","for healing and transmutation, as the energy of fear acts as a repellent. Stay balanced, strong and positively motivated to attract a constant flow of","in your life."]
["If you have been feeling the strong urge to begin (or expand) a",", Angel Number 1855 may be suggesting that now is an auspicious time to consider your options and take a definite step in that direction. As you honour and follow your intuition and passionately",", prosperity and abundance will flow into your life. Success on all levels will enter your life with faith, time and patience."]
["You are much more powerful that you allow yourself to believe, and your","encourage you to examine your true values, beliefs and principles, and make sure that they are aligned with your current life and lifestyle choices. If not, make changes accordingly."]
["Number 1855 relates to","(1+8+5+5=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
