["Number 1716 is a blend of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations and attributes of number 6.","relates to new beginnings, motivation and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, achievement and success, inspiration, attainment, fulfilment and omniscience.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, inner-strength and inner-knowing,",",","and",",",", mysticism and",".","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, and nurturing others.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."]
["Angel Number 1716 is an auspicious number as it embodies the ‘new’ with manifesting good fortune and your highest ideals. It is a message that you have achieved balance between your spiritual life and your material world, and in turn you are reaping the benefits on many levels. This will be positively reflected in all areas of your life, and your","ask you to keep a","and high expectations to maintain the flow of",". Remember to","for all that the Universe provides."]
"Angel Number 1716 indicates that you are on the right path to making sweeping improvements in your life, particularly in regards to your environment and surrounds, and/or matters to do with home, family and friends.Trust that your material needs will be met as you boldly make necessary changes to your life and lifestyle. It is time to spruce up your environment and refresh your life in every way. Fill your home environment with peace, joy, happiness and positive energies."
["Your","ask that you keep up the positive energies and","to continue to manifest successful results and outcomes. Keep your expectations high and your thoughts focused and","when in need. When you","and assistance, you must do so from a place within you of love, humility, clarity and trust. Your prayers are always answered, although not always in the way you may expect. Sometimes there is a lesson to be learned or there is another solution yet to be revealed."]
["Number 1716 relates to","(1+7+1+6=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
