"Number 970 is a powerfully spiritual number as it is made up of the energies and vibrations of number 9 and number 7, and the influences of number 0."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
["relates to the esoteric and mystical,","and",", emotions and feelings, endurance and perseverance, contemplation and introspection, inner-knowing and understanding others,","and",", and education and learning."]
"represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,"
", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."
["Angel Number 970 resonates with your","and","as a",". Listen to the","if feeling any doubts or confusion about the next steps to take, and know that they are always available to help you."]
"The Universe is fully supporting you with your"
"and"
"so"
"continue with the great work you have been doing and express yourself with love, honesty and integrity. Live your life as a positive example for others."
["Angel Number 970 suggests that your","and","are well blessed and your","encourage you to continue on your current path. Some issues and/or situations in your life will be coming to an end which will enable you to fully focus on new opportunities that will present in the very near future. Know that things are going to","in your life."]
"Angel Number 970 encourages you to embrace your uniqueness and individuality and stand by your ideas, principles, beliefs and values. Bring your strengths to the fore and use them to better your own life and that of others. Be the person you know yourself to be within and express the best version of yourself. Walk your talk and love and respect yourself first and foremost, then reflect those energies out to others."
["Make a positive difference by using your talents and abilities to help others find their own","in life is."]
["Number 970 relates to","(9+7+0=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
