["Number 1304 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 3, and the energies and influences of number 0 and number 4.","brings with it the attributes of initiative, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. They help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".  Number 3 resonates with self-expression and communication, encouragement and assistance, natural talent and skills,",".","resonates with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey. It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.  Number 0 also magnifies and amplifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity,",", and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose in life, and resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1304 is","that you are fully supported, encouraged, loved and surrounded by your",".   Give any negative fears, doubts and worries to your angels to transmute and heal, and trust that you are on the right path.  Step forward boldly ...  your angels empower you to live and","with passion and","."]
"Angel Number 1304 encourages you to put some extra focus and effort towards your creative endeavours to ensure that you manifest long-term rewards on all levels.  If you have been considering a new direction or beginning a new project or venture, now would be a most auspicious time to make that choice.  Trust that the work you do today will bring benefits to your life in the future."
"Angel Number 1304 encourages you to continue to put your will and efforts towards living your truths and walking your spiritual path with passion, persistence and love."
["Number 1304 relates to","(1+3+0+4=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
