["Number 1858 is a compilation of the energies of number 1, the attributes of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 5.","resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-reliance, courage and tenacity, striving towards achieving success and attainment. Number 1 reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","relates to","positive",", material and monetary mastery, income and finance, self-confidence and personal authority, discernment and good judgement, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of","- the",".","brings its vibrations of major life changes, versatility and adaptability, inspiration, motivation and activity, making","and decisions that suit who you truly are, personal freedom and learning","through experience."]
["Angel Number 1858 suggests that you take the time to go within,","and listen to your intuitive messages as the","are guiding you through important changes and are leading you towards wonderful new beginnings and opportunities to take advantage of. Maintain a","in regards to the changes currently taking place and keep your focus on attaining positive results and fulfilment, as when you have high expectations the angels and Universal Energies help you to","and achieve success in all that you put your intentions and efforts towards. Positive things are","around you at a rapid rate right now, so make the most of them. Trust that all is going to Divine plan in your life and you are fully supported in every way."]
["If you have been feeling the strong urge to begin (or expand) a","Angel Number 1858 may be suggesting that now is an auspicious time to consider your options and take a definite step in that direction. As you honour and follow your intuition and passionately serve your",", prosperity and abundance will flow into your life. Success on all levels can be achieved with self-belief, action, time and patience."]
["Be strong in your resolve and do not allow fears and/or doubts to stop you from pursuing your goals. Fears and doubts can rob you of life’s wonderful opportunities and experiences, so cast them aside and allow the","and benevolence of the Universe to grace and bless your life."]
["Number 1858 relates to the","(1+8+5+8=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
