"Number 1440 is a blend of the attributes of number 1, the vibrations of number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the powerful energies of number 0."
"promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and will"
["power.   Number 1 encourages us to step forward to achieve our goals and reminds us that","and experiences with our thoughts, beliefs and"]
["intentions.","resonates with honesty and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, patience, discipline, system and order, building"]
"solid foundations for the self and others, traditional values, effort, diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and"
["purpose and the energies of the",".","resonates with the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies and resonates with the vibrations of"]
"eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice and is a message to do"
["with",".  It is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It also suggests"]
"that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers."
["Angel Number 1440 is","that you are to look to new ways to go about getting your work done more effectively and efficiently.  Listen to your"]
"intuition as your angels are sending you messages and ushering positive energies towards and around you. Keep your thoughts positive and optimistic as you undertake"
["an important new role or venture.  Your positive energies, intentions and actions will","your expected results. Trust your angels to deliver all that you’ll need."]
"Angel Number 1440 indicates that the hard work and effort you have put towards living your spiritual truths and virtues have been acknowledged by the spiritual realm."
"The angels wish to commend you on your diligence and determination and send you encouragement, blessings and love.  Trust that the angels are with you, helping you"
["along your life path and assisting with your",".","whenever you feel the need as the channel of communication is always open"]
"for you."
"Angel Number 1440 indicates that you are being surrounded by helpful, loving angels who wish to bring you peace of mind and joy of heart.  When faced with an"
"obstacle, rest assured that your angels are most willing to assist.  Be patient as solutions to any issues or problems will soon be revealed. You have nothing to fear in"
["regards to your life, work and","as the angels surround and support you, encouraging you to keep up the good work you have been doing.  Any questions?"]
"."
["Number 1440 relates to","(1+4+4+0=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
