"Number 988 is a combination of the attributes and energies of the number 9 and number 8, with the number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its vibrations."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["is the number of practicality, challenge, consideration, inner-strength and self-confidence, efficiency, self-discipline,","and good judgement, stability and self-sufficiency. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
"Angel Number 988 may be an indication that a significant phase in your life has come to an end, or will do so soon. Other related and unrelated issues or situations will also draw to a close as a result. Angel Number 988 may also be implying that you are going through a chain of events where many parts of your life are slowing and stopping. These endings will allow for new opportunities to appear in your life that will open doors to new beginnings that will be beneficial in every way. This is happening for reasons which will become evident soon."
"Ask yourself if you are enjoying the work you do on an everyday basis. If not, seek an occupation better suited to your natural abilities and interests. How do you spend your free time? Is it productive and uplifting? If not, seek out passions and interests that call to you and pursue them. Make the most of your natural traits and abilities and use them for the highest good of yourself and others. You have your own unique life path and purpose to live, so do it with joy, wonderment and passion."
["Angel Number 988 brings","to prompt you towards fulfilling your true","and asks you to focus upon your","as a",". Trust that your efforts and intentions will advance you along your spiritual path and will ensure success as well as the","of your goals and desires."]
["Number 988 relates to","(9+8+8=25, 2+5=7) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
