["Number 1196 is a blend of the energies of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences and relating to the karmic Master Number 11) and the attributes of number 9 and number 6.","brings its qualities of positivity, intuition, instinct, courage, ambition and attainment, fresh new beginnings and taking new directions. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones.  Number 1’s appearing together relate to the karmic number 11.","relates to the principles of",", illumination, high energy, inspiration and intuition, creative idealism, self-expression and sensitivity.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and","and",".","resonates with leadership and leading by positive example, the","and",", altruism and benevolence,",",",",","and service to humanity.  Number 9 also indicates endings, closures and conclusion.","adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, finding solutions, the ability to compromise, emotional depth, provision and providing and the material aspects of life."]
["Angel Number 1196 is","to trust that the most suited and appropriate interest and/or career choice will present to you soon, and your angels encourage you to take up the opportunity. Maintain a","and an optimistic outlook and your goals and aspirations will","to fruition in your life. Give any fears or worries concerning material lack or loss to your angels for healing and transmutation. Trust your intuition and your","-  always."]
["Angel Number 1196 encourages you to take action on the ideas, thoughts and promptings you have been experiencing. Follow this intuitive and","regarding your true","and trust that your material needs will be met as required."]
["Angel Number 1196 asks you to focus on your priorities and","at this time, and trust that all of your needs will be met as you follow",".  The messages you are receiving intuitively are guiding you towards wonderful new beginnings and opportunities that will assist you along your path.  Do not delay any longer as your","skills and talents are much needed right now."]
"Take a moment to feel life’s essence within you and marvel at its miracle."
["Number 1196 relates to","(1+1+9+6=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
