"Number 1203 resonates with the qualities of number 1 blended with the attributes of number 2 and the energies of number 3."
["promotes new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and taking action, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition.  Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with service to others, diplomacy and compromise, balance, flexibility and adaptability, duality, encouragement, support and kindness.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and",".","resonates with the vibrations of eternity and infinity, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. The number 0 stands for potential and/or choice and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.  Number 0 amplifies and magnifies the vibrations and attributes of the number it appears with.","adds self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase.  Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the",".  It indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked.  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within."]
["Number 1 encourages you to step forward and start something new, different and life-changing.  Number 2 sets you on your life course with balance, faith and ability, number 0 supports your",", and number 3 sees expansion of concepts and life-themes, and expressing and communicating from your authentic self."]
["Angel Number 1203 is a message that your faith,","and prayers are holding you in a very positive light and your wishes may be granted with","through your positive energies.",", and use them to pursue your passions and","."]
["If feeling any doubts or fears about which actions to take,","and listen to",".  Know that you have all that you need within to achieve your goals and aspirations ... you just have to make the choices to do so, and take the appropriate actions.   Have faith and trust in yourself, your angels and the","."]
["Number 1203 can also be seen as","(1+2+0+3=6) and","."]
