"Number 2308 is a combination of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 3, the influences of number 0, and the attributes of number 8."
"Number 2"
["brings its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and fulfilling your","and","."]
"Number 3"
["resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, and ‘faith hope and charity’. Number 3 also relates to the",", indicating that are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","."]
"Number 0"
["relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
"Number 8"
["resonates with personal power and authority,","and intelligence, good judgement, truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance,","wealth and",", and","; the",".","Angel Number 2308 tells you that you are blessed with many natural skills and talents and have the capacity to quickly learn new skills that will support your success today and in the future. Put your personal attributes and talents to good use and be open to receiving your well-earned rewards and blessings. Remember that what you put out to the Universe comes back to you, so ensure that you use your personal power and talents in a positive ways."]
["Number 2308 relates to","(2+3+0+8=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
["Angel Number 2308 is a message that your prayers and requests for increased income, wealth and/or","have been heard and are being responded to by the",",","and Universal Energies. Have no fear of lack or loss and remain centred in your faith and believe that positive abundance is on its way into your life. You are reaping rewards for work well done in the past and your angels encourage you to accept your blessings with","and",". Give yourself permission to prosper and know that you will find success in all that you put your mind and efforts towards.","Stretch what you are capable of in regards to compassion and loving kindness, and offer grace to others through mercy, forgiveness, kindness and unconditional love. Open your heart to others and in return you will receive Divine love. The more","you offer, the more you receive."]
