["Number 1229 is a compilation of the attributes of number 1 blended with the vibrations of number 2 (appearing twice, magnifying its influences) and the energies of the number 9.","relates to the energies of organization, achievement and success, tenacity and striving forward, new beginnings and attainment.  Number 1 also relates to stepping out of your comfort zone, and reminds you that",".","resonates with faith and trust, grace and devotion, partnerships and relationships, gentleness and kindness, balance and harmony, duality insight and intuition, and","and",".","adds its influences of leading by positive example, philanthropy and",", the concept of",",","and the",". Number 9 also relates to endings, closures and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1229 is","to have faith and trust in your intuitive messages and impressions, ideas, insights and visions.  These messages and promptings are urging you towards and along your Divine life path and",".  Do not be afraid to take positive action in the direction of your intuitive and",", and look to ways of achieving small goals on a daily basis to reach your true and full spiritual potential."]
["Angel Number 1229 is a message that you are to take positive action in the direction of your inner-passion and purpose as your natural","abilities are much needed by others.  Trust that you have all the tools and talents you need to fulfill your destiny and","."]
["Angel Number 1229 can also indicate that if you are inclined to pursue a",", now is a most auspicious time to begin.  It is time to accept and","and use them to benefit yourself and others in a","capacity."]
["Angel Number 1229 may also be suggesting that if you have ‘lost’ something of late, the Universe is","and better to take its’ place.  This may also relate to a situation or circumstance that may be coming to an end.  Trust that a wonderful new beginning and/or direction will come of it."]
["Number 1229 relates to","(1+2+2+9=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
