"Number 1165 is made up of the energies of number 1 (appearing doubled, amplifying its influences) and the vibrations of number 6 and number 5."
"brings the attributes of creation, fresh starts and new beginnings, attainment and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. It also relates to"
"by our thoughts, beliefs and actions."
"Two number 1's appearing together relate to the Master Number 11.  The"
"relates to the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, creative idealism and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to"
"connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."
"resonates with the attributes of"
"and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way."
["Angel Number 1165 is","that they fully support you as you take the opportunity to make positive changes to your career, employment, home/residence or relationship/s.  You already know exactly which changes need to be made, but it is up to you to make them as only you can. The changes will prove to be beneficial in the long-term and will allow you to","for the next step or stage in your life."]
"Angel Number 1165 prompts you to bring some fresh, new energies into your home and family environment, and/or start a project related to something that you are curious about and see where it takes you."
"Angel Number 1165 is a message not to allow any negative or fearful thoughts to deter you from making the changes you desire.  Trust in your intuitive messages, take action as guided and you will be most pleased with the end results."
["Angel Number 1165 also  indicates that you are healing on all levels, and this enables you to be open to greater and/or higher love.  The","ask you to",", residual anger and unforgiveness from your heart and mind.  Let go of old, stale emotions and attachments."]
["Number 1165 relates to","(1+1+6+5=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
