"Number 1140 is made up of the energies of number 1 (appearing twice, doubling its influences) and the vibrations of number 4 and number 0."
"encourages self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, taking positive action, new beginnings and taking a fresh approach.  Number 1 also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that"
"with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."
"Two number 1's appearing together relate to the"
".  The karmic Master Teacher number 11 relates to the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to"
"connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"relates to practicality and application, hard work and"
"responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and"
"purpose in life."
"magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal and ‘God force’"
"Energies.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with"
"and is considered to represent the beginning of a"
"spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."
["Angel Number 1140 encourages you to put your efforts and focus towards your long-term goals and aspirations.  Your thoughts, feelings, emotions, actions and overall outlook are being boosting by your angels so that you can continue to",".  Building strong foundations from well-laid plans ensures future progress, stability and success, and your angels encourage you to work with your passion and drive."]
"Angel Number 1140 encourages progressive change, growth and development, and asks you to share your knowledge and wisdom with others. Begin worthwhile projects now that will bring long-term benefits and future success.  If you take action with caution and wisdom you will be successful in business, money matters and life in general.  What you put your efforts towards will reap long-term rewards."
["Angel Number 1140 may suggest that your desired outcome and/or result will occur in the very near future.  Have faith, trust and patience, and do not try to force things to happen.  Allow the","and Universal Energies to work things out for your highest good."]
["Angel Number 1140 is","that they are there to assist you with manifesting your true desires.  You have worked hard and you deserve them."]
["Number 1140 relates to","(1+1+4+0=5) and","."]
