"Number 2178 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and influences of number 7 and number 8."
"Number 2"
["brings its energies of service and duty, duality, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach and relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 7"
["relates to",", inner-knowing, compassion and understanding others,","and",", peace, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose, knowledge, study, research and learning."]
"Number 8"
["carries the influences of",", business and material acumen, personal power and authority, good judgement and discernment, a desire for peace and world transformation, giving and receiving and the","(",").","Angel Number 2178 relates to establishing solid foundations and focusing upon achieving your spiritual aspirations and life goals. It asks you to have faith and trust that you will attract all that you require in your life to sustain and maintain you along your spiritual path, and your positive work, intentions and dedication will reap your just rewards and blessings."]
"Angel Number 2178 tells you to decide what it is that you really want in your life, then set your course and take positive action in the direction of your desires. It is within your personal power to create the life you want to live, and it is your duty to fulfil the aspirations of your soul."
["Number 2178 relates to","(2+1+7+8=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
["You have a natural gift for delivering just the right advice, guidance, insight and messages to others, and you are encouraged to look to","or heart-based service if you feel so inclined. Your heart will tell you whether your spiritual work will consist of writing, speaking, counselling, healing or some other form of self-expression. Ask the","to help you with your spiritual work and you will benefit yourself, those whom you teach/heal/inspire and the world at large. It is time for you to acknowledge and claim your own power."]
"*"
"- The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
