"Number 2523 brings together the energies of number 2 appearing doubled, amplifying its influences, the vibrations of number 5, and the attributes of number 3."
"Number 2"
["resonates with kindness and consideration, service and duty, adaptability and co-operation, duality, finding balance and harmony, encouragement and support. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and serving your","."]
"Number 5"
["encourages","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, auspicious opportunities, motivation and idealism. Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way and learning","through experience."]
"Number 3"
["relates to optimism and enthusiasm, communication and self-expression, inspiration and creativity, optimism and joy, talent and skills, expansion and growth. Number 3 also relates to the",". The Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".","Angel Number 2523 indicates that any changes you are going through are most positive and you are encouraged to choose to think thoughts that nourish and support you. Making changes can bring about fear of the unknown and you may be feeling apprehensive about losing something (or someone) or may fear ‘change’ in general, but trust that what may appear to be a loss today may turn out to be a gain tomorrow and will bring you long-term benefits on all levels. Allow your angels to guide you and remember that there is nothing to fear. If you can learn to enjoy life’s changes, you will enjoy life itself much more.","When you don’t make the changes that you know you need to make, life will often force the changes upon you whether you like it or not. Wise, courageous choices that are made from a place of light and love promote harmony and joy and will always empower you. Have the courage to make positive choices and changes when they are necessary and view things from a higher perspective.","Angel Number 2523 tells you that although your steps may not seem clear to you right now, have faith and trust that changes will bring about positive opportunities for you to take advantage of. Know that they are appearing in your life for a higher reason so follow your path with faith and confidence."]
["Number 2523 relates to","(2+5+2+3=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
