["Number 1629 is a combination of the attributes and vibrations of number 1 and number 6, and the energies and influences of number 2 and number 9.","lends its vibrations of creation, fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and action.","brings its attributes of ability and stability, provision and providing and the monetary and material aspects of life, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others, simplicity, reliability and responsibility, problem-solving and the ability to compromise.","adds it energies of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving our","and",".","relates to the",", a higher perspective, the concept of",", leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,","and","and",".  Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1629 is","to put your faith and trust in them as they are sending you guidance through your intuition, visions and thoughts. Trust and believe the messages you receive and act accordingly by taking the appropriate steps. The","know your","and their guidance and directions come from a place of love, light and wisdom.  Live your","mission with faith, confidence, trust and wisdom by living your life as a positive example to others. Know that you are well blessed."]
"Angel Number 1629 suggests that your faith in the angelic and spiritual realms has opened doors of opportunity that will assist you along your spiritual path.  These opportunities have appeared in your life for a reason (or reasons) and your angels encourage you to listen to your intuition and continue on your path with enthusiasm and passion."
"Relinquish the need to control and trust that what you need is on the way to you.  By letting go you release your need to affect outcomes which slows or stalls the process of receiving."
["Number 1629 relates to","(1+6+2+9=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
