["Number 623 is a blend of the attributes and vibrations of number 6 and number 2, and the energies of number 3.","relates to providing and provision, possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service and domesticity, love of home and family, caring and nurturing, the ability to compromise,",", responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity.","resonates with service to others, diplomacy and compromise, balance, flexibility and adaptability, duality, encouragement and kindness. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and",".","brings self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, natural skills and talents, friendliness and sociability,",", growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also resonates with the","."]
["Angel Number 623 encourages you to find a balance between your work life, leisure and rest times. Relaxing and making time to","and connect and communicate with the angels assists with","and outcomes. Stay focused upon your","and trust that the","surround, encourage and support you. Stay open to","."]
["Angel Number 623 is a message that your mind-set and efforts in regards to your","will reap many long-term benefits and rewards. Trust that you are on the right path and your","encourage and support you in every way. Keep up the good work and continue to manifest your ‘good’. Know that all you need will be supplied."]
["Angel Number 623 is a message to use","and maintain a","as these energies","and will manifest favourable results into your life. Have faith and trust in your ‘Self’  -  your skills, talents and natural abilities, and employ them upon your life path. You have been given certain natural skills, talents and abilities so that you can share the highest and truest parts of yourself with others. Have confidence in your abilities and choices."]
["Number 623 relates to","(6+2+3=11, 1+1=2) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
