["Number 1868 is made up of the energies of number 1, the values of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 6.","brings optimism, attainment, new beginnings, motivation and progress, beginning new projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its attributes of",", personal power and authority,",", discernment and good judgement, a desire for peace, a love of humanity and world transformation, giving and receiving, the concept of","and the",".","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others. Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative and action, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles."]
"Angel Number 1868 may be suggesting that a phase, circumstance or situation in your life is about to end and is a sign of forewarning to enable you to prepare yourself and your life accordingly. It may also indicate that you are winding up an emotional issue, relationship or career phase in your life. As your circumstances change, be aware that things are turning to your benefit."
["Angel Number 1868 tells you that achieving goals, striving forward and finding success are ahead of you, and infinite","and supply are always available to you. If you have been considering beginning or expanding your own business and/or income earning venture, now would be a good time to take positive steps to make it so. Your home, family, friendships and career are all set to improve. Embrace and welcome happiness in all its forms."]
"Angel Number 1868 may also suggest that a rare opportunity to improve your financial standing and/or employment/career options. It is up to you to do the work, but if you do it will be well worth your while in many ways. Trust that you are worthy."
"Your mind may be telling you that something is not possible to achieve, but listen to your instincts and intuition and follow as guided. Trust yourself and your choices, and live according to your truths. Do not let anything (or anyone) stop you."
["Number 1868 relates to","(1+8+6+8=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
