["Number 481 is a compilation of the attributes and energies of number 4, the vibrations of number 8 and the influences of number 1.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and"]
["responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity,",", and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive"]
["and the energies of the",".","brings its vibrations of personal power and authority, self-confidence, giving and receiving, philanthropy and"]
["benevolence, business acumen and achieving personal success,","wealth and","and the concept of","the","."]
"signifies assertiveness, independence, motivation, striving forward and new beginnings, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 reminds us that"
"and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and"
"opportunities."
"Angel Number 481 encourages you to spend time evaluating your present job/career and decide how healthy it is for you. Other than just ‘money’, how does your work nourish and support you, and how do you feel about it. Be honest with yourself. It is time for a change? If so, take positive action to seek out a more suitable and fulfilling path. Find renewed enthusiasm for your own life."
["Angel Number 481 asks you to be optimistic about your financial circumstances and trust that your prayers and","have been heard. Know that the"]
"will ensure that all of your material and monetary needs will be met and that abundance is on its way into your life. Your intentions and efforts,"
["and expectations have manifested rewards and blessings for you. Accept them with",", and in keeping with the",", share your"]
"abundance with others."
"Angel Number 481 is a message of support from your angels in regards to new projects, ventures and financial undertakings, as these will prove to be successful and"
["profitable. Make your","your priority and your","and the Universe will see to it that your needs are met and your hard work, will and effort will be"]
["rewarded with success, personal satisfaction and abundance.","to your angels and maintain an optimistic and positive outlook."]
"Angel Number 481 also indicates that it is a time to fully let go of a situation that has ended. The angels remind you that as one door closes, another one opens, and they"
"are with you helping with the transitions you are undergoing. Have faith and trust that these endings and new beginnings will prove to be the answers to your prayers."
["Number 481 relates to","(4+8+1=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
