["Number 2079 relates to","(2+0+7+9=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"Number 2079 is a compilation of the energies and influences of number 2 and number 0, and the vibrations and attributes of number 7 and number 9."
"Number 2"
["brings its influences of flexibility, finding balance and harmony, grace and devotion, faith and trust, encouragement and support, service and duty to others, attainment and happiness. Number 2 also relates to your","."]
"Number 0"
["resonates with eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow and the beginning point, and also stands for potential and/or choice. Number 0 relates to","and listening to your higher-self."]
"Number 7"
["brings its vibrations of evolution, good fortune, inner-knowing and",", study and research, discernment, mysticism,","and",", persistence of purpose and determination,","."]
"Number 9"
["relates to the",", a higher perspective, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","Angel Number 2079 brings a powerful message of love, support and encouragement and your angels ask that you maintain a","and outlook in order to continue the positive momentum. Know that your life path is one of serving and teaching others, as well as living your life as a positive example for others.","Angel Number 2079 suggests that you have listened to Divine guidance and are now putting that wisdom to work in your day-to-day life and your desires and wishes are coming to fruition as a direct result of your actions. The","commend you as your successes are inspiring and uplifting others and you are helping and teaching others by being a positive example in many ways.","Angel Number 2079 reminds you that you were born with a unique","to fulfil on Earth. This is something that is yours to do and accomplish, and yours alone. Your soul mission is that which inspires and motivates you to express your true self and contribute to the quality of your own life as well as the lives of others. Ask yourself what energizes you, what is of importance to you, and how can you contribute positively to other’s lives? This is your","."]
"*"
