"Number 981 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 9 and number 8, and the vibrations of number 1."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["relates to self-reliance, reality,",", self-confidence,","and good judgement, achievement, giving and receiving, philanthropy and serving humanity, and","; the","."]
["resonates with new beginnings, ambition and tenacity, striving forward and pursuing goals, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, taking action and","."]
["Angel Number 981 brings a message to pay attention to your inner-visions, ideas and dreams as your","tell you what is really going on for you at that point in time. If you examine your values, beliefs and dreams in the context of who you truly are and where you are in your life, you may begin to recognize a shift. Once you align the values and beliefs of your","and your soul, you will find that the Universal Energies will work with you to turn your dreams to reality."]
["Angel Number 981 encourages you to begin a new phase of your life that sees you being of service to others and humanity as a",". Your","and","regarding your","will bring about opportunities to serve as your soul dictates. Allow blessings to enter your life and use them to your advantage and for the benefit of others."]
["Angel Number 981 brings","to look to new beginnings and opportunities appearing in your life as they will lead to wonderful new circumstances and situations. Trust your intuition and follow its guidance as each opportunity presents, knowing that they are occurring for important karmic reasons. Trust that they are in direct alignment with your","and","mission."]
"Angel Number 981 also encourages you to continue learning about yourself, express yourself authentically, shine your light brightly, and be all that you can be."
["Number 981 relates to","(9+8+1=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
