"Number 1322 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1, number 3 and number 2, with the number 2 appearing twice, amplifying and magnifying its"
["influences.","brings with it the vibrations of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also"]
["relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds"]
"creativity, self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, ‘faith hope and charity’, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and"
["the principles of increase.  Number 3 resonates with the",", and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked.  The Masters help you to focus"]
["on the Divine spark within yourself and others and also to find peace, clarity and love within.  The Ascended Masters assist with","."]
"brings it energies of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation, relationships and partnerships."
["Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and","."]
["Angel Number 1322 suggests that you are working in alignment with the energies of the",", and they are helping and guiding you"]
"through your next life steps and actions.  Maintain a diplomatic, harmonious and caring attitude towards others and you will find that all you need will be presented to"
"you in Divine right time."
"Angel Number 1322 indicates that the angels are fully supporting and encouraging you on your life path.  Stay positive and do not allow any negative energies or"
"feelings to hinder or obstruct you.  Push through any negative emotions with the knowledge that you are on your Divine life path and all is going to Divine plan.  A"
"will reap positive results."
["Angel Number 1322 is","to have self-belief, faith and trust in yourself and the angelic and spiritual realm, and maintain trust in the processes"]
["of the Universe.  Listen to your intuition and","and have full faith in the signs, messages and soul promptings you receive. Use your natural"]
"communication skills, creativity and humour to ease your own stress and that of others.  Learn to feel happiness and joy no matter what is happening around you.  Know"
"that you are exactly where you are meant to be."
["Number 1322 relates to","(1+3+2+2=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
