"Number 1002 is made up of the vibrations of number 1, the influences of number 0 appearing twice, and the attributes of number 2."
"promotes changes, new beginnings and projects, self-"
["leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and will power. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts,"]
"beliefs and actions."
["represents the Universal Energies, the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["is the number of faith and trust, finding balance and harmony, caution, diplomacy and mediation, service to others, love, compassion and selflessness, encouragement and happiness. Number 2 also resonates with serving your","and","."]
"Angel Number 1002 is a message to trust that all will work out for the highest good. What may seem like an obstacle or hindrance today may prove to be a ‘blessing in"
["disguise’ tomorrow. Angel Number 1002 asks that you keep your mind-set and thought patterns aligned with your","and","and trust that things will"]
["go in your desired direction. Trust that outcomes will be favourable and beneficial to you, and the","are with you, supporting you through any doubts or fears you"]
["may have. They encourage you to faith in yourself and the Universe. Your","are surrounding you with love and healing and are available for","and"]
"anytime you need."
["Angel Number 1002 urges you to remain filled with faith, trust and positive thoughts and expectations as all is being worked out in the Cosmos on your behalf. Wonderful opportunities will present themselves when the timing is right, and your","and the Universe are fully supporting you in every way."]
"Angel Number 1002 may also be a message that it is time to usher some fresh, positive energies into your home and family life. Bring some love into your home by"
"redecorating and refurbishing, spring cleaning, de-cluttering or simply sprucing up your living environment with some fresh flowers and/or houseplants."
"Add some freshness to your home and surroundings with a view to upgrading and reinvigorating your environment. A positive atmosphere fosters"
"positive energies."
["Number 1002 also relates to","(1+0+0+2=3) and","."]
"See also:"
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
