["Number 133 is a combination of the attributes and vibrations of number 1, and the energy of number 3, with the number 3 appearing twice (","), doubling and magnifying the energies of the number 3.","carries the vibration of instinct, intuition, progress and happiness, new beginnings, creation, independence and uniqueness, motivation, striving forward and progress, ambition and will power. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its attributes of optimism and enthusiasm, creativity, self-expression and communication,",", growth and expansion. Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",", and indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, guiding and assisting when asked.","symbolizes the principle of guidance, the spiritual uplifting of mankind, compassion, blessings and healing, the teacher of teachers, inspiration, honesty, discipline, bravery and courage."]
["Angel Number 133 is a message to give your fears, doubts and worries to the","and the","so that they can be transmuted and healed. Trust that they"]
"support you completely and surround you with love and protection. Trust that the Universal Energies are working things out for your highest good."
["Angel Number 133 gives you the courage to live your life with enthusiasm and optimism, safe in the knowledge that you are well blessed, loved and supported in all that you do. Live your life with joy, passion and purpose as this will","your true desires. Be prepared to expand and increase your","and","."]
["Angel Number 133 brings","that they are sending you positive energies, intentions and affirmations. Be sure to pay particular attention to your thoughts, ideas and insights as these are giving you information about the next steps to take along your spiritual path. Any positive changes or projects you are considering right now will be well worth your while, and you will be assisted in their undertaking."]
["Number 133 relates to","(1+3+3=7) and","."]
"Also see:"
["(",",",",",", 133 etc)"]
"*"
