"Number 998 is comprised of the vibrations of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 8."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["is the number of self-confidence, personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, reality, dependability and self-reliance, and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["Angel Number 998 brings a message that a phase or cycle is ending or coming to a conclusion and this will have a domino-effect on other areas of your life. Do not lament their passing or ending, but rather, be open to your own passions and","as these are positive and productive focal points for you."]
"Be mindful of your beliefs, thoughts, words, actions and the judgements you place upon yourself and others, and consider where they came from. Are you operating from a place of compassion, love and light? Consider all that you do and all that you are as your energies affect not only your own life, but that of others. Have the courage to teach others how truly powerful they are and how their own thoughts, beliefs and actions affects others."
["Angel Number 998 may also be a prompt to pursue your spiritual purpose and/or passion and begin a","or service based venture, business or project. Take actions that empower you and embrace your own uniqueness. Trust that you have all the necessary talents, skills and abilities you need within you and if any additional information or qualification is necessary, the right opportunities will present themselves in Divine right time."]
["Self-confidence, self-belief and self-love give you the freedom to","that suit you and who you truly are. Be who you are meant to be and do what you feel called to do with your life."]
["Number 998 relates to","(9+9+8=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
