["Number 1360 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 3, the vibrations of number 6 and the influences of number 0.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, new beginnings and starting afresh.  Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","carries the vibrations of the",". The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".  Number 3 also resonates with courage, forgiveness, skills and talents, self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, growth and expansion.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, providing for the self and others, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, grace, dignity and simplicity.  Number 6 also relates to personal willpower, finding solutions and overcoming obstacles.","resonates with the attributes of eternity and infinity, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and represents the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It encourages",", and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.  Number 1360 is a number of ‘thought-word-action’, creativity and enthusiasm; coupled with the ability to use the imagination and the intellect combined to bring about desired results."]
["Angel Number 1360 is","and the","that your","and prayers regarding your material wellbeing have been heard, and you can expect a boost to your income and/or finances.  Trust that your material wants and needs will be met and you and your loved ones will have all that you need to be safe and comfortable in your daily lives.  Give any feelings of fear or lack to the angels for healing and transmutation and prepare yourself for a flush of material abundance in your life.","."]
["Angel Number 1360 is a message that due to","you have attracted the flow of infinite Universal abundance into your life and can expect your financial responsibilities and obligations to be easily met.  Keep up the good work to encourage a continuous flow of supply in your life.  Be open to receiving your ‘good’.  You deserve it."]
"You are worthy of your own self-acceptance and self-love. Hold faith, trust and gratitude and remain open to signs and new opportunities that will bring your material needs to you."
["Number 1360 relates to","(1+3+6+0=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
