["Number 2697 is a blend of the energies of number 2, the attributes of number 6, the vibrations of number 9, and the influences of number 7.","relates to balance and harmony, encouragement and support, faith and trust, diplomacy and co-operation, insightfulness, ambition, sensitivity, relationships and partnerships, and pursuing your","and",".","brings the energies of providing and provision, possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service and domesticity, love of home and family, caring and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity,","and",", problem-solving and solution-finding.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, the concept of karma, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, altruism and",". Number 9 encourages you to use your natural abilities to illuminate the way for others to follow.","resonates with","and awareness, Divine wisdom and intelligence, intuition and",",","and",", mysticism and the esoteric, determination and persistence of purpose."]
"Angel Number 2697 tells you to make your own health, happiness and wellbeing a top priority. Your needs are important. Love, nurture and value yourself as once your own needs are met you become far more capable of helping others who need it."
["Angel Number 2697 encourages you to expand your personal","and spiritual pursuits, and if you feel the inclination to begin or expand a","or heart-based venture, now would be a most auspicious time to look to your options and presenting opportunities. You have the ability to counsel others and help them to awaken to their own spiritual gifts and soul mission and the world needs you to shine your light to illuminate the way for others."]
"As your spirituality grows and expands you become more sensitive to everything around you, including what you eat and drink. Your body will tell you what it wants, and what it will no longer tolerate. Pay attention and adjust accordingly."
["Number 2697 relates to","(2+6+9+7=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
