["Number 620 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 6 and number 2, and the vibrations of number 0.","relates to a love of home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others,",", solution-finding and care and nurturing.","brings it energies of balance and harmony, duality, co-operation and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, ambition, sensitivity, placidity, just and justice. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 620 brings","that you are being assisted and guided towards serving and fulfilling your true","and",". Pay attention to the energies around you and the energy you possess and listen to your intuition as you are receiving directions as to the next steps to take. It is time to put your creative interests and passions to good use."]
"Angel Number 620 encourages you to be kind, diplomatic and co-operative with everyone in your life in order to set a positive example and to make things run harmoniously. Any obstacles, hindrances and/or misunderstandings will find positive resolution. When things are out of balance find a quiet place and be still within yourself as this will help to balance and quiet your center enabling you to freely give and receive love. The benefits of living lovingly flows in all directions and develops your own self-respect and self-assurance, and encourages and enhances those same traits in others."
"Angel Number 620 is also a powerful indicator that you are supported, protected, guided and loved by the angelic and spiritual realms. Have faith, trust and confidence that all is happening in Divine right time and in Divine perfect order in your life."
["Number 620 relates to","(6+2+0=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
