"Number 964 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of number 9 and number 6, and the energies of number 4."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["resonates with home and family, domesticity,","and",", emotional depth, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing, and finding solutions."]
["resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, conscientiousness, progress, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 964 brings a message that your","are encouraging you to focus your will and effort towards your","and to projects and endeavours that uplift and enlighten you. Trust that your material needs will be met as you spend time and energy devoted to your personal spirituality and","."]
"Release any worries and/or concerns you may have and listen to your intuition and"
"as the"
["are giving you",", courage and clarity about your"]
"duties and destiny. Trust that the"
"are supporting and encouraging you as you work on your"
"and"
"."
"Angel Number 964 also encourages you to spend time with the ‘right’ people. Seek out and spend quality time with people who love and appreciate you and who support and encourage you to improve in positive, healthy ways, while accepting you for who you are. Embrace love and connection with others and share your joy."
["If you are feeling prompted to be of service to others and humanity as a whole, look to avenues that genuinely interests you. Trust that you have all the abilities, skills and talents you need to fulfill your","mission and appropriate opportunities will arise to assist you upon your path. Bring forth the highest, wisest and best parts of yourself and use your unique abilities and personality traits to be a guiding light for others."]
["Number 964 relates to","(9+6+4=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
