["Number 1520 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 5, and the vibrations and influences of number 2 and the powerful number 0.  Number 1 encourages us to strive forward with courage and tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with the vibrations of beginning new projects or ventures, inner-strength and tenacity, creation and activity, attainment and success.","resonates with the attributes of","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism and learning","through experience.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way.","brings it energies of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and your","and",".","is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with",".  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 1520 is a number of new beginnings, directions and fresh starts, living your personal truths, and finding balance and stability in your life.  Your","encourage you to take decisive action in the direction of your true desires. You are aware of your own personal truths and are being encouraged to trust your intuitive knowing and inner-guidance.  Lovingly assert yourself now."]
["Angel Number 1520 is a message to stay centered and balanced through current life changes and trust that they are for your highest good.  Expect solutions and answers to appears to assist you with making adjustments in your life.  You are being presented with opportunities to better your life in many ways, and to pursue your true life path and","."]
["Angel Number 1520 suggests that your wants, needs and desires are coming to fruition due to the recent or current changes you are making, and the","ask you to keep up the good work you have been doing. Use these life changes and presenting opportunities to enhance your life as well as the lives of others."]
"The first step to finding balance, inner-peace and happiness is to know yourself.  You must be in harmony with your soul-self. When you are participating in life as your soul chooses, your energies are high and your being resonates with well-being.  Allow your emotions to nurture you so that you can explore your own full potential – physically, mentally and spiritually.  Your emotions change constantly, bringing growth to the body, mind and soul."
["Number 1520 relates to","(1+5+2+0=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
