["Number 1246 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 and number 2, and the vibrations of number 4 and number 6.","contributes its energies of optimism, motivation and activity, creation, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress, attainment and happiness.  Number 1 also tells you that","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, relationships, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and Divine","and",".","adds its vibrations of honesty and integrity, traditional values, hard work and responsibility, practicality and application, diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose.","resonates with love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."]
["Angel Number 1246 is","that they are helping you to","in order to provide for your needs.  Keep a","and a focused mind-set, use","and prayers, and trust that your needs will be met.","in action."]
["Angel Number 1246 reassures you that your prayers for assistance with your monetary needs have been answered, and your material needs (such as home, transportation, food, clothing and utilities etc) will be met as needed.  Keep up the good work you have been doing and expect","to flow into your life.","and share them freely with others, as this encourages a continuous and steady supply."]
["Angel Number 1246 indicates that your strong connection with the","has","in your life.  The faith and trust you have shown in the guidance you have received, and the actions you have taken have ensured long-term rewards.  These blessings are to be shared with loved ones and put to good use.  Invest in yourself and your spiritual quest or career."]
"Affirm the best for yourself, your loved ones and the world as a whole."
["Number 1246 relates to","(1+2+4+6=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
