["Number 1914 is a combination of the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and energies of number 9 and number 4.","brings new beginnings, motivation and progress, inspiration, attainment, self-leadership and assertiveness, achievement and success, fulfilment and omniscience. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, intentions, beliefs and actions.","resonates with the",", the concept of","and",", leading life as a positive example for others, a higher perspective, strength of character, responsibility, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and",".  Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","relates to truth and integrity, patience, planning and practicality, working steadily towards goals and aspirations, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1914 is a message to listen to your intuition and to the","in regards to the next steps of your spiritual path. The work you have been doing or a project you have been working on is coming to a conclusion and you will reap rewards for the work, effort and determination you have expelled. Trust that wonderful new opportunities will present to you in the near future setting you on an auspicious new course or direction."]
["Angel Number 1914 is","to stay alert to the signs and guidance given through your dreams, thoughts, intuition and feelings. Visualize your true wants and desires and take positive action as guided. Do not allow fears, doubts and/or negativity to block your progress in any way. Just follow as your intuition suggests."]
["Use your natural","talents, skills and interests to help the world awaken, heal and evolve. Your positive energies, love and light are much needed at this time and your","encourage you to follow through with your goals and aspirations to do with your spiritual path and",". Trust that you are in the right place at the right time, and your soul is urging you to shine your light to illuminate the way for others to follow."]
"If you have an important goal in mind, set your intentions, focus your attention and concentrate on proper planning and preparation to ensure positive results and outcomes. With a solid plan in place and a belief in yourself, there is nothing you cannot achieve."
["Number 1914 relates to","(1+9+1+4=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
