["Number 1748 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 7, and the vibrations and influences of number 4 and number 8.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, and promotes changes, new beginnings and starting afresh. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","encourages study, education and learning,","and",", independence and individualism, deep contemplation and introspection, understanding the self and others,","and compassion, mysticism and",".","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the",".","adds its vibrations of","and personal power,",", good judgement and discernment, dependability and reliability, skills and talents, achieving success, giving and receiving and the concept of","-  the","."]
["Angel Number 1748 is a message that you are currently on the receiving end of","and Divine blessings and rewards.  As per the",", what you send out comes back to you, and you have manifested abundance and prosperity into your life due to your persistence and devotion to your spiritual service and/or",".","for your blessings and use them wisely."]
"Angel Number 1748 may suggest that you have learned how to balance your spiritual life and practices with the material, monetary and physical worlds. The important work you have been doing has ensured that your material wants and needs will be met, and your endeavours will reap both personal and financial rewards in your life. With this increase to your prosperity, be mindful that the more you have, the more you have to share with others. Discern wisely."
["Angel Number 1748 encourages personal empowerment, stepping into your own power and working determinedly to achieve your goals and aspirations.  Stay strong in your choices and firm in your convictions. You know in your heart what is right for you, so don’t let anything (or anyone) stop you from pursuing your dreams and aspirations. Trust that you have all you need within you to fulfill your","and destiny."]
"Believe in yourself and the power you possess as a spiritual being."
["Number 1748 relates to","(1+7+4+8=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
