["Number 1960 relates to","(1+9+6+0=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"Number 1960 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 9, and the energies and qualities of number 6 and number 0."
"Number 1"
["resonates with the vibrations of showing initiative and tenacity, new beginnings and striving forward, pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance and personal strength. Number 1 tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions."]
"Number 9"
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective,","and",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and",". Number 9 encourages you to use your natural abilities to illuminate the way for others to follow."]
"Number 6"
"brings its attributes of ability and stability, provision and providing and the monetary and material aspects of life, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others, simplicity, reliability and responsibility, problem-solving and the ability to compromise."
"Number 0"
["brings a message to do with","and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers. Number 0 also magnifies and amplifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with and resonates with eternity, the ‘God force’ energy, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.","Angel Number 1960 encourages you to take action towards fully living and serving your",". Your","ask that you release any fears and anxieties about monetary issues and get on with your passion and purpose today, as your angels will ensure that you are provided with all that you need along your path. It is your right to be a powerful being and you are encouraged to use your personal power in loving ways that benefit yourself and others. Listen to your intuitive messages and take positive action in the direction of your soul calling.","Angel Number 1960 is","to stop procrastinating and get to work on the important things in your life. It is time for you to detach yourself from your old and outdated material possessions and items and things that no longer positively serve you (including relationships and people) and ‘let go’ and ‘release the old’ with love and",". Angel Number 1960 assures you that whatever leaves your life at this time will be replaced with ‘new’ and ‘better’, so be open to receiving all that you deserve as you are ready for an upgrade in your life.","Angel Number 1960 can also suggest that you are at the end of a phase or cycle and these necessary endings will lead you to new opportunities to be true to yourself and your inner callings to find your true life path and",".","to comfort and guide you towards your next step and trust that happiness and fulfilment await you with ‘new’ about to enter your life."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
