["Number 1316 is a combination of the attributes and energies of number 1 (appearing twice, magnifying its influences) and the vibrations of number 3 and number 6.","contributes its impressions of optimism, intuition and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, motivation and activity, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with growth and expansion, optimism and enthusiasm, creativity, self-expression and communication, and encouragement and assistance.  Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",", and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and also assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","relates to possessions and the material and monetary aspects, home and family, love and nurturing, service and domesticity, responsibility and reliability, finding solutions and problem solving, and honesty and integrity."]
["Angel Number 1316 encourages you to shift your focus from the financial and material aspects of your world to","and to what you really want to do with your life.  It asks you to be true to yourself and not fear stepping out of your comfort zone to make full use of your natural skills and talents in positive and uplifting ways.  Listen to your intuitive messages and the",", and take on new ventures and/or projects with enthusiasm and optimism."]
["Angel Number 1316 is a message to trust that your home and family will be catered for and your material needs will be met.  Keep your focus on practical things and release any fears of lack or loss to your","for transmutation and healing.  The angels support and encourage you to keep your thoughts, prayers and expectations optimistic and positive as this will assist with","."]
["Angel Number 1316 is","to hold onto positive thoughts and expectations in order to","your material supply.  Trust that",", prayers,","and a","help to manifest a continuous supply of","in your life."]
"Angel Number 1316 asks you to look at the material items in your life and decide what is no longer positively serving you.  De-clutter your life and donate or sell off material items that could be of practical use to others.  Shedding the ‘old’ will make way for the ‘new’."
["Look to creative ways of updating your home environment and surrounds in order to usher in fresh, positive energies.  The angels want you to enjoy your life as happiness and personal fulfilment are a part of","."]
["Number 1316 relates to the","(1+3+1+6=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
