"Number 2096 is a combination of the energies and influences of number 2 and number 0, and the vibrations and attributes of number 9 and number 6."
"Number 2"
["adds it energies of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, insight, adaptability and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["carries the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, and relates to",", the beginning of a spiritual journey, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point and potential and/or choice. Number 0 amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with","and philanthropy, leading by positive example,",", idealism, a higher perspective, strength of character, and the",". Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."]
"Number 6"
["relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, personal willpower, independence, grace and simplicity, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles.","Angel Number 2096 tells you to be the leader in a situation where there may be discord or discomfort with others (be it within a family/friendship situation or work environment) and be the one to take positive action. With each perceived obstacle and challenge there is always a higher purpose and opportunities for change and further growth. Seek different ways of viewing difficult situations and with a new perspective you may glean insight and discover positive solutions. Use diplomacy and grace to compromise, negotiate and calm the situation and use your natural problem-solving skills to bring harmony and balance."]
["Angel Number 2096 can also suggest that you are being guided and assisted with finding your personal niche if you are interested in beginning (or expanding) a","or heart-based service or project. Listen to your intuition and the","for the next steps to take in regards to your mission as a","and trust that your determined efforts will have long term benefits for yourself and those whom you serve and help. Set your goals and pursue your aspirations with enthusiasm and passion and trust that you have all the skills and talents you need in order to fulfil your spiritual destiny. Trust yourself and the workings of the Universe.","Think thoughts that make you happy; be with people who make you laugh and feel good;  do things that make you feel good;  eat things that make your body healthy and feeling good. Look after yourself in all ways and set a positive example for others to follow."]
["Number 2096 relates to","(2+0+9+6=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
