"Number 798 is made up of the attributes and vibrations of number 7 and 9, and the energies of number 8."
["is the number of knowledge and understanding, listening to the inner-self,","and",", learning and education, determination and persistence of purpose, mysticism,","and spiritual gifts."]
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, leading life as a positive example for others, service to others, sensitivity, benevolence, altruism and","."]
"relates to practicality, personal power and authority, dependability and self-reliance,"
", discernment and decisiveness, a desire for peace and a love of humanity, world transformation, giving and receiving and the Universal Spiritual Law of Cause and Effect;"
"."
["Angel Number 798 tells you that as you toil upon your","and serve your","you successfully","along the way."]
["Trust the","as they walk beside you every step of the way. Know that your diligence and devotion to your personal spirituality will","all that you need in your life."]
"The"
"encourage and support you, and applaud your efforts and commend you for your commitment and hard work."
["Angel Number 798 brings a message that if you feel a soul urge or desire to begin a",", or heart-based venture or project, knowing that you are serving your","as a",". Trust that you will be fully supported by the angelic and spiritual realms."]
["Angel Number 798 also encourages you to break and release yourself from negative habits, patterns, situations or circumstances that do not positively serve you. It doesn’t matter if it is a job, a lifestyle or relationship; if it does not make you happy, let it go. Cutting out things that do not serve you allows for clarity, opening the door for more positive habits and life events. Only you can break your patterns and","all your dreams and goals."]
"When you shift your attention to the positive aspects of your life you will see more positivity appearing in your life."
["Number 798 relates to","(7+9+8=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
