["Number 682 contains the energies and influences of number 6 and number 8, and the attributes of number 2.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability,","and",", providing for the self and others, independence, initiative and action, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles.","brings its vibrations of",", personal power and authority,",",","and good judgement, a desire for peace, a love of humanity and world transformation, giving and receiving and the","(",").","resonates with service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, fulfilment and happiness, partnerships and relationships, faith and trust and serving your","."]
["Angel Number 682 is a message to continue having faith and trust in your intuition and the","as this will assist you with","into your life. Let go of any fears or concerns of lack or loss, or anything negative to do with the material aspects of your life. Trust that your prayers are being answers and the Universal Energies are catering to your material and financial wants and needs, giving you the opportunity to focus upon your true goals and desires, and your personal/family/love life. Have faith and trust that your needs are being met, and you and your loved ones will have ample supply to cover all that you require."]
["Your angels ask that you remain centered in your faith and trust and believe that","is on its way into your life. You are reaping rewards for work well done in the past and your","encourage you to accept your blessings with grace and",". Give yourself permission to prosper and know that you will find success in all that you put your mind and efforts towards."]
["Angel Number 682 may also indicate that it is time for you to consider beginning a",", or a venture that aids and assists others. Use your strengths and talents to uplift and enlighten others through serving humanity in compassionate and loving ways. Your","is a sacred labour that you undertake for the betterment of yourself and others."]
["Number 682 relates to","(6+8+2=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
