["Number 1973 relates to","(1+9+7+3=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"Number 1973 is a blend of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 9, and the attributes and influences of number 7 and number 3."
"Number 1"
["carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, new beginnings and starting afresh. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with leadership and teaching others by setting a positive example, humanitarianism and serving your",", the concepts of","and","and the",", altruism and benevolence,",". Number 9 also relates to conclusions and endings."]
"Number 7"
["relates to the energies of",",","and",", mysticism and",", persistence of   purpose, compassion and",", understanding the self and others, education and a thirst for knowledge."]
"Number 3"
["brings its influences of optimism and joy, inspiration and creativity, self-expression and communication, imagination and intelligence, sociability, growth and expansion, spontaneity, encouragement and assistance, natural talent and skills. Number 3 is also the number of the","who help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".","Angel Number 1973 brings a message that your thoughts, visions and intuitive feelings about your","are spot on and you have been hearing the callings of your inner-self. You are encouraged to put your spiritual knowledge and","into practice for the highest good of yourself and others and trust that your",",","and","will lead you in the right direction in all ways in your life. Your highest guidance is unique for you and you have all of your own answers within you. Trust yourself.","Angel Number 1973 suggests that you look at things from a higher perspective and lead your life as a positive example for others to follow. It encourages you to expand your personal","and spiritual pursuits and use them for the good of others and yourself. Some further education, study and/or a qualification may be considered, as you have the skills and talents to be a spiritual teacher, healer and/or leader and the ability to counsel and advise others and help them to awaken their","and fully serve their own",". If you feel the inclination to begin or expand a",", career or profession, or heart-based project or service, Angel Number 1973 can indicate that now is a most auspicious time to look to your options. The","applaud your choices to live with truth, honesty and integrity and encourage you to pursue your","/","in whatever way suits you.","To align yourself with your","and Divine path, do what makes you feel happy and inspired, and remember that the","you make will set the stage for the next steps along your path. Listen to yourself and your own inner-knowing as being sensitive alerts you to the truths about people, situations, places and information. Be aware of your intuition and impressions and follow your hunches and gut feelings."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
