["Number 1504 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 5, and the vibrations and influences of number 0 and number 4.","promotes new"]
"beginnings and projects, self-leadership, inner-strength and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and will power, attainment and happiness.  Number 1"
["tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and"]
["resonates with personal freedom, making positive","and important changes, variety and versatility, adaptability, resourcefulness, motivation and progress, and"]
["learning","through experience.","resonates with the ‘God force’ energy and eternity, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0"]
["resonates with potential and/or choice and is a message to do with","as it is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey"]
["and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  Number 0 also amplifies and magnifies any number it appears with.","relates to working determinedly towards"]
"achieving our goals and aspirations. It tells of hard work and effort, building solid foundations, stability and practicality, system and order, dependability, honesty and"
["integrity, and our passion and drive in life.  Number 4 resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1504 is","that they are with you, assisting with the changes you will be going through shortly (if not already). New"]
"opportunities will present in your life for you to take full advantage of and they have appeared especially for you.  You are encouraged to explore these exciting new"
"possibilities and trust that they will bring a great deal of happiness and satisfaction to your life.  New directions, ventures and opportunities are there for you to"
"experience, learn from and enjoy."
"Angel Number 1504 encourages you to put your efforts towards the things in your life that embrace and enhance who you truly are, your lifestyle choices and your life in"
"general.  Be prepared to make necessary changes that will bring auspicious opportunities to advance you along your path and trust that these changes will bring ‘better’"
"into your life in all ways. Remain uplifted and positive to attract your desired results and stay true to yourself."
"Have the courage to follow through with what you feel you need to be doing, knowing that you are doing what you know you must.  Be brave and take necessary action,"
"and feel comfortable with living your truths and being who you truly are."
["Number 1504 relates to","(1+5+0+4=10,1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
