["Number 1604 is a compilation of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and influences of number 0 and number 4.","carries"]
"the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, new beginnings and"
["starting afresh.  Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with practicality and application, hard"]
"work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive and"
["passion in life, and the",".","resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number"]
["0 is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may"]
"entail. It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers. Number 0 magnifies and amplifies the vibrations of the"
["numbers it appears with.","resonates with home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, problem-solving,"]
"responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing."
["Angel Number 1604 suggests that your focus is currently on the material world and you may be losing sight of your","and","due to financial"]
["worries and/or anxieties.  Your","ask that you let go of your worries as these fears are blocking the flow of positive energy. Have faith and trust that all of your"]
"monetary and material needs will be met when you let go of fears of lack and/or loss and take positive action. Success in life is not gained by just wishing and believing,"
"but by knowing what to do to earn it, then taking appropriate action to do so."
"Angel Number 1604 indicates that you are on the right path and you are making progress towards your intended results and incomes. You are being given support and"
["encouragement along your path, and when faced with an obstacle, rest assured that your","are most willing to assist.  Be assured that solutions to any issues or"]
"problems will soon be revealed."
"Angel Number 1604 also encourages you to look at your current home and lifestyle and consider ways to uplift your environment in order to usher in more positive"
"energies. Do not be afraid to express yourself with joy, optimism and creativity. Add beauty to your environment and everyday life, and don’t rush past the everyday"
"moments of your life, but rather, savour them."
["Number 1604 relates to the karmic","(1+6+0+4=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
