["Number 1947 is a made up of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 9, and the vibrations and influences of number 4 and number 7.","relates to new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving for success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with a higher perspective,",", leading by positive example, philanthropy and humanitarianism, generosity and benevolence. Number 9 also resonates with the","and the concepts of","and",".","promotes patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and resonates with the energies of the",".","relates to the Universal Energies, persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, thoughtfulness, understanding the self and others,","and",", mysticism,","and",". Number 7 also relates to study, education and learning.","Angel Number 1947 indicates that your ideas, thoughts, promptings and actions to do with your","and life path have been angelically guided and you have followed the directions with faith, diligence and integrity. Spend time and energy developing your personal spirituality and serving others as your soul dictates and you will find that your goals and aspirations will be met.","Take the time to consider both your long and short-term goals and think of ways to advance yourself along your path. Research, study, schooling, education and learning will enhance and help your","and personal growth and development at this time. Spiritual study is an effective way to help you to find deeper meaning and connection to your inner-self, and who you truly are.","Angel Number 1947 brings you validation and confirmation that your thoughts and ideas about taking up further or additional study and/or research may be well worth your while. This does not necessarily need to be done in a formal setting (eg school) but can be undertaken in any manner that suits you. Trust that your","and","will lead you to the most appropriate ways and means.","Angel Number 1947 may also be a message that you need to spend more time and effort on your personal interests and passions. Be true to yourself and what drives you."]
["Number 1947 relates to","(1+9+4+7=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
