["Number 2231 relates to","(2+2+3+1=8) and","."]
"Number 2231 brings together the vibrations and attributes of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the energies of number 3, and the qualities of number 1."
"Number 2"
["relates to kindness and consideration, service and duty, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, duality, finding balance and harmony, consideration, partnerships and relationships of all kinds, receptivity and love, faith and trust and serving your","."]
"Number 3"
["promotes self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents,",", friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, intentions and beliefs.","Angel Number 2231 relates to","and",". Be aware of exactly what you desire and what brings you happiness. You can have anything you wish for, but if your happiness or self-worth depends upon having it, then you have an attachment to it. It then has power over you. Be aware of your energies and your true soul desires and dreams and ensure that you remain true to yourself in all ways.","Angel Number 2231 tells you to look upon new beginnings, ventures and opportunities with a view to advancing yourself along your path and making a positive difference to your life and to that of others. Angel Number 2231 encourages you to maintain a","towards your life’s happenings, and keep up your prayers and",".","Angel Number 2231 is","to have self-belief, faith and trust in yourself and the angelic and spiritual realm, and maintain trust in the processes of the Universe. Listen to your intuition and","and have full faith in the",", messages and soul promptings you receive. Use your natural communication skills, creativity and humour to ease your own stress and that of others and learn to feel happiness and joy no matter what is happening around you. Know that you are exactly where you are meant to be and all is going to Divine plan."]
