["Number 2012 relates to","(2+0+1+2=5) and","."]
"Number 2012 is made up of the vibrations of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, as well as the attributes and energies of number 0 and number 1."
"Number 2"
["resonates with service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, love and partnerships, insightfulness and sensitivity, and selflessness. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and","."]
"Number 0"
["reinforces the vibrations of the numbers it appears with and encompasses the attributes of all other numbers. It relates to the Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and","."]
"Number 1"
["brings its attributes of creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","Angel Number 2012 inspires you to look at things from a higher perspective and work with the details necessary to complete that vision. Stay balanced and harmonious in all areas of your life, and put your efforts towards your spiritual life path and","as you have a great deal to achieve in this lifetime. Stand strong in your personal convictions and have faith and trust that all will work out for your highest good. Trust your","and yourself.","Angel Number 2012 is","not to be hindered or held back by old and out-dated habits that you already know within need to be changed so that you can be clear and free to pursue your goals and aspirations. What may seem to be an obstacle or hindrance today may prove to be a ‘blessing in disguise’ tomorrow, so look to new experiences with optimism as they will bring about favourable experiences and opportunities for you in many ways.","Angel Number 2012 may also be suggesting that you look to new and different ways to enhance your home, garden and surrounding environment. Use the principles of","and add some lightness and freshness to your home with a view to upgrading and reinvigorating your environment. Also, take the time to connect with nature (the natural world) and spend time outdoors as this will revitalize you and give you renewed clarity and focus."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
