"Number 825 is a blend of the influences and vibrations of number 8 and number 2, and the attributes of number 5."
["relates to practicality, personal power and authority, dependability and self-reliance,",",","and decisiveness, a desire for peace and a love of humanity, world transformation, giving and receiving and the",";","."]
["is the number of faith and trust, finding balance and harmony, caution, diplomacy and mediation, service to others, compassion and selflessness, love, encouragement and happiness. Number 2 also resonates with serving your","and","."]
["resonates with individuality, making major life changes, promotion and advancements, release and surrender, cleverness and intelligence,",", adaptability and versatility, and","learned through experience and resourcefulness."]
["Angel Number 825 brings a message for you to make decisions and","that suit who you truly are, rather than those that others may wish you to make and/or pursue. Listen to your own",", intuition and soul promptings, and do not allow others to manipulate you in any way. Stay true to yourself in every way in order to","your true goals and aspirations."]
["Angel Number 825 brings a message to honestly look at the influences and energies around you and","which are positively serving you, and which are depleting or hindering you. Close the door on situations and/or people who drain your energies and distract you from your highest path. Take full responsibility for yourself and your decisions and","and make the changes that your intuition knows you need to."]
"Angel Number 825 is a message to follow your intuition and take the necessary steps in order to bring about the much needed changes in your life and lifestyle."
"to help you with any adjustments and transitions you may go through, and trust that you are supported and loved as you pursue your"
"and"
"."
["Number 825 relates to","(8+2+5=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
