"Number 961 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 9 and number 6, and the qualities of number 1."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["is the number of love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, emotional depth and honesty,","and",", responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, simplicity, overcoming obstacles, problem-solving and solution-finding."]
["resonates with new beginnings, ambition and tenacity, striving forward and pursuing goals, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, taking action and","."]
["Angel Number 961 tells you to trust the messages you have been receiving as they are guiding you towards new beginnings and opportunities that will assist you with serving your",". There are endless pathways to take in life, and your choices come from within. Choose the route that your intuition guides you as your path is unique to your and your","."]
["Angel Number 961 indicates that your","encourage and support you, and are with you every step of the way along your spiritual path. Trust the","and your own intuition and","as they are leading you in the right direction. You will have all that you need in every way in order to walk your path with confidence and self-belief."]
["Angel Number 961 brings","to maintain a","about the purpose of your being. The","are encouraging you to live your","with passion, enthusiasm and confidence. Remember to love yourself as you send love and healing out to others, and let your inner light shine brightly in order to illuminate the way for others. Your days will be most satisfying and enjoyable when you focus on a","and choose to do activities that bring you joy and that feed your passions."]
["Be a beacon of light for others and have the courage to speak your truths and walk your talk. Be bold, be honourable and live with joy and","."]
["Number 961 relates to","(9+6+1=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
