"Number 2006 is made up of a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 2, number 0, and the vibrations of number 6."
"Number 2"
["resonates with service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy, charm, co-operation, consideration, friendliness, receptivity and love. It also relates to your","."]
"Number 0"
["amplifies and magnifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with and encompasses the attributes of all other numbers. It resonates with eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and encourages","."]
"Number 6"
["relates to selflessness, responsibility, nurturing, care and guardianship,","and sympathy, seeing clearly, finding solutions and overcoming obstacles.","Angel Number 2006 brings a message to stay balanced, focused, open and aware of your emotions and surroundings, as the more you pay attention to your thoughts and feelings, the more you expand your self-awareness, enabling you to look at things from a higher perspective in order to find suitable solutions to all difficult situations. Listen to your intuitive knowing and follow accordingly."]
"Angel Number 2006 encourages you to go with the flow of your intuition, which links you to your heart and infinite Higher-Self. With wisdom and clarity comes the absence of fear and the tenacity and inner-strength to face life’s difficulties and obstacles. Obstacles give the soul opportunities to stretch and grow and every obstacle or difficult situation offers you an opportunity to learn about your own power and inner-strength, and when you face your difficulties with wisdom and strength your troubles melt away and are replaced with contentment and peace."
["Number 2006 relates to","(2+0+0+6) and","."]
["Angel Number 2006 also asks you to be diplomatic, thoughtful and co-operative with others in order to set a positive example for them to learn from. It also tells you that as you serve your","you will reap the spiritual and emotional rewards of love, trust and companionship.","Realize that your ability to conquer and overcome challenges is limitless, and your potential for personal happiness and success is infinite."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
