["Number 1104 is made up of the energies and vibrations of the numbers 1, 4 and 0.","resonates with the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, action and progress, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to new directions, striving forward and progress, and reminds you that","by your thoughts, beliefs and actions.  Two number 1’s appearing together also relate to the karmic number 11.  The","resonates with the principles of mysticism,","and",", self-expression and sensitivity, illumination and creative idealism, inspiration and intuition.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our","and",".","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail."]
"It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."
"resonates with practicality and application, hard"
"work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive and passion in life"
"."
["Angel Number 1104 tells us that building strong foundations from well-laid plans ensures future stability, progress and long-term success.  Put your efforts and focus towards your long-term goals and aspirations and work on","with passion and determination."]
["Angel Number 1104 is","that you are to courageously step forward in the direction of",", and trust that all you require along the way will manifest in your life when you need them.  Know that when you work towards","and destiny, the Universe joins in and contributes in miraculous ways."]
["Number 1104 relates to","(1+1+0+4=6) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 104"
"Angel Number 114"
"Angel Number 140"
