"Number 982 is a blend of the attributes of number 9, the vibrations of number 8, and the energies of number 2."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
["is associated with personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, dependability,","and self-reliance, and","wealth and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["resonates with your intuition and insight, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, receptivity and love, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust, and your","and","."]
"Angel Number 982 brings a message to follow the gentle urgings of your heart and soul and open yourself up for profound transformation. When you let go of the need to control and learn to trust and allow your inner-guidance to lead you, you align with the flow of the Universal Energies and are able to find balance, clarity and inner-peace. Realign with your own heart and discover and reveal your true nature."
["Angel Number 982 brings","that you are ready and well prepared in all ways to fully serve your",". Trust that the","support and encourage you in your","endeavours and spiritual practices and are urging you to live up to your personal inner-truths. Give any fears or concerns to the","for healing and get on with living your","with passion and purpose.Trust that all of your financial and material needs will be met as you devote yourself to serving others as a","."]
["Angel Number 982 encourages you to have faith and trust that you will always have plenty to care for yourself and your loved ones throughout your life as the","and Universal Energies will ensure that your material needs are always met in Divine right time. Know that you are able to confidently serve your","with your wants and needs being met along the way. The examples you are setting by living your truths is encouraging and teaching others to follow suit, and your","want you to keep up your great",". Live your life with passion and purpose, and trust that you will find success in all that you put your heart and soul towards."]
["Number 982 relates to","(9+8+2=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
