["Number 412 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 4, the influences of number 1 and the vibrations of number 2.","resonates with patience, willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, building solid foundations and working diligently towards achieving goals. Number 4 also relates to the",".","contributes its influences of optimism, intuition and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, motivation and activity, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our intentions, beliefs, thoughts and actions.","imbues balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
["Angel Number 412 is a message that the hard work and effort you have put towards serving your","has been acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual realms and you have","your well-earned rewards. Be open to receiving and accepting your ‘good’, which may appear in the form of new opportunities, new projects and ideas and starting afresh. Have faith in yourself, your ideas and your intuition, and stay focused upon your desired outcomes. Follow your intuition and maintain a","and a love of life. If feeling any fear or doubt, simply","and support."]
["Angel Number 412 brings","that they are currently assisting you with keeping your thoughts light and positive. As","with our beliefs, thoughts, intentions and actions, the","want you to maintain a","about the work you have done and that ahead of you. You may have to put some hard work and effort towards a new project, venture or important life-change, but they will be of long-term benefit to yourself and your loved ones. Trust that the work and effort you have put in towards achieving your goals and aspirations will be well worth your while and you will find long-term success and personal fulfilment. Trust that you will achieve success with all that you put your will and effort towards."]
"Being peaceful, relaxed and centred is being strong and secure within yourself."
["Number 412 resonates with","(4+1+2=7) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
