["Number 1122 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its energies, and also resonating with the Master Number 11) and number 2, (also appearing doubled, magnifying its influences as well as resonated with the Master Number 22.","instills the attributes of creation and new beginnings, attainment and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. It also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.  The karmic","symbolizes the principles of","and",", idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our soul mission and life purpose.","represents balance and harmony, duality, devotion, insight, co-operation, adaptability and diplomacy.  Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and","and",". The number 2 appears twice, strengthening the influences of its vibrations and relating to the",", which is Archangel Raphael’s signature number.  Number 22 denotes the Master Builder, dreams made manifest, ancient wisdom, realization, the future and evolution, Universal Love, personal power and charisma, service, philanthropy, common sense and practicality.  This makes number 1122 a powerfully charged number that resonates with your spirituality, spiritual path and","."]
["Angel Number 1122 asks you to step out of your comfort zone, leave behind the ‘old’ and outdated, and make a concerted effort to steer your life towards a more spiritually-based life and lifestyle.  Find balance in all that you do and ensure that the reality that you create for yourself is the one that you desire.  Angel Number 1122 encourages us to release our fears and apprehensions and get on with","."]
["Angel Number 1122 asks that you stay on a positive path and use your natural skills, talents and abilities to their utmost for the benefit of yourself and others.  Use","and","to enhance energies and draw them towards you.  The more you focus on the positives, the quicker they are manifested into your reality."]
["Angel Number 1122 is","and Archangels that you are to stay focused upon your highest expectations as the angels and Universal Energies work behind the scenes helping you to manifest your wants and needs, goals and desires."]
["Number 1122 also relates to","(1+1+2+2=6) and","."]
"See also:"
["(",",",", 121,","etc)"]
"Angel Number 12"
"Angel Number 112"
"Angel Number 122"
