["Number 121 is comprised of the doubled number 1 vibrations, and the energies of number 2.","resonates with creativity and creation,","and attainment, new beginnings, motivation and progress, self-reliance, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration. It also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","lends it energies of balance, healing, devotion and grace. It carries the vibrations of duality, diplomacy and adaptability, partnership and relationships, sensitivity and selflessness. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and serving your","and",". The ‘go-getting’ number 1 blended with the ‘sensitive’ number 2 makes the number 121 a very balanced number."]
["Angel Number 121 tells you not to be hindered by old habits that need to be changed. It tells you to look to new experiences with optimism, and trust that they will bring about favourable and positive effects and wonderful new opportunities. A","helps with achieving goals and aspirations, and allows for the ‘old’ to be replaced with the ‘new’."]
["Angel Number 121 is a message to stay positive and maintain faith and trust in your angels and the Universal Energies as your feelings, beliefs and thoughts will","into your reality. Keep your focus on your desires, positive expectations and outcomes, and that is what you will receive in return. Give any fears or doubts to your","for transmutation and healing."]
"Angel Number 121 is a message from your angels to ensure that what you put out to the Universe is of a positive nature. You are asked to stay on a positive path and to use your natural skills, talents and abilities to their utmost for the benefit of yourself and others."
["When the Angel Number 121 appears your angels may also be telling you to look to different ways to enhance your home, garden and surrounds. Make some simple changes and upgrades and use simple","principles to usher in positive energies and to maintain balance and harmony within the home."]
["Number 121 also relates to","(1+2+1=4) and","."]
"See also:"
["(",",",", 121,","etc)"]
"*"
