["Number 3147 is a compilation of the energies and vibrations of number 3 and number 1, and the attributes and qualities of number 4 and number 7.","brings its influences of creativity, affability and enthusiasm, growth and expansion, joy and spontaneity,",", imagination and intelligence, self-expression and communication, natural talents and skills. Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",". Number 1 relates to assertiveness, striving forward and new beginnings, inspiration, motivation, independence and uniqueness, action, positivity and achieving success.","tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, conscientiousness, progress, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and relates to the energies of the",".","encourages study and learning,",", Divine and",", emotions and feelings, introspection, endurance and perseverance, mysticism,","and",", and positive intentions and actions."]
"Angel Number 3147 tells you that your repetitive thoughts, ideas and promptings from your inner-self are indicators and signs of your next steps and are offering solutions and/or the answers to your prayers."
["Angel Number 3147 may be a prompt to take up a new course, line of study and/or further education that will bring rewards of many kinds, both to your life and to the lives of others’. Your instincts are strong and you are encouraged to use your knowledge constructively and productively. Allow your spiritual gifts to flourish through study, prayer and","."]
"Angel Number 3147 encourages you to research, study and investigate your own truths for yourself. Do not allow others to silence your knowledge and wisdom. Integrate what resonates within you and discern what does not. It is time for you to regain control of your own life and empower yourself. Shine a light on anything that allows you to give your power away to others, and find out what your own truths are. Know what you what, speak your truths and live with honesty and integrity."
"As you honour and follow the guidance from your intuition, trust that your actions will attract positive energies and outcomes. Continue to focus your time and energy on helping others using your natural abilities, talents and interests to their utmost."
["Number 3147 relates to","(3+1+4+7=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
