["Number 1314 is made up of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences), and the energies of number 3 and number 4.","resonates with the attributes of initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. They help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".  Number 3 also relates to energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, joy and spontaneity, self-expression and communication, talent and skills,",".","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity,",", and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose in life, and resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1314 is","that you are being supported, loved and surrounded by the",".   Let go of any negative fears, doubts and worries and trust that you are on the right path.  Step forward boldly as your angels encourage and empower you to live and","with passion and purpose."]
["Angel Number 1314 is a message that the","are infusing your dreams, intuition, thoughts and ideas with Divine love, guidance and healing.  They ask that you listen to these messages and take positive action as directed.  Use these positive energies and insights in your","and healing practices, and shine your light brightly along your Divine life path and soul journey."]
["Angel Number 1314 encourages you to put some extra focus and effort towards your creative endeavours to ensure that you","on all levels.  If you have been considering a new direction or beginning a new project or venture, now would be a most auspicious time to take action.  Trust that the work you do today will bring many benefits to your life in the future."]
["Number 1314 relates to","(1+3+1+4=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
