["Number 1978 relates to","(1+9+7+8=25, 2+5=7) and","."]
"Number 1978 is a blend of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 9, and the attributes and influences of number 7 and number 8."
"Number 1"
["relates to striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative and instinct, new beginnings and starting afresh. Number 1 also relates to","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", the concept",", a higher perspective, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your",", and","."]
"Number 7"
["brings its influences of the Universal Energies, faith and",",","and",", independence and individualism, deep contemplation and introspection, compassion and",", understanding of others, mysticism and","."]
"Number 8"
["adds its vibrations of","and personal power,",", dependability and reliability, achieving success, discernment and good judgement, giving and receiving, and the concept of","-  the",".","Angel Number 1978 brings a message of encouragement from your","and affirms that you are on the right life path. Your plans and intentions are guiding and directing you towards the next major step/s along your spiritual life path and your","encourage you to consider your true priorities and take positive action. Use your mind and heart to align yourself with the Divine will and true","of your soul as now is the time for you to step into your own power and live your life accordingly. Anchor your spiritual light and take each step with love and",".","Angel Number 1978 can suggest that positive news or information about a forthcoming change is on its way, and something of significance is coming to an end or conclusion in your life. New opportunities will appear for you in due course and your","ask that you not stress about present circumstances as ‘better’ is on it’s the way. Do not fear lack or loss as the end of a situation or cycle denotes the beginning of a prosperous new opportunity (or opportunities), and the","ask you to have faith and trust in them and in yourself, and remember that everything happens in Divine right time and in Divine right order.","Angel Number 1978 brings a powerful","indicating that you have the abilities to","all that you require and desire into your life. Trust in yourself as fear and doubt may cause you to miss out on experiences and opportunities to bring more light into your life, and do not allow your fears to rob you of life’s wonderful opportunities and experiences. Stand in your own power and live your life to its fullest potential.","for the blessings entering your life and remember to share your good fortune with others."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
