"Number 940 is made up of the energies of number 9, the vibrations of number 4, and the influences of number 0."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the Universal Spiritual Laws, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, the concept of karma, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["is associated with conscientiousness, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the","."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 940 is a message that you are fully supported with your",", goals and aspirations and your",". Make your","your main priority and continue with the great work you have been doing."]
"Listen to your intuition and"
"when feeling any doubts or confusion as to your path, and know that they are always available to you. All you need to do is ask. Trust that the efforts and determination you put towards achieving your goals and aspirations will have long term benefits for yourself and others."
["Angel Number 940 suggests that your","and path are well blessed and fully supported by the","and you are rapidly advancing along your",". Keep up the good work and strive to achieve your spiritual and material goals and aspirations as success is ahead of you."]
["Angel Number 940 also tells you that it may be time to look to a new hobby, interest, career and/or lifestyle that better suits your changing views and circumstances. If you have been considering taking up a","or service-based project, now is the ideal time to set the foundations for future success."]
"Your"
"are with you as you step towards a new door of opportunity, and as with all endings, it is the beginning of something new on the horizon. As one door closes, another one opens. Focus on your goals and aspirations on your"
"and r"
"emember to ask your"
"for assistance along the way."
["Number 940 relates to","(9+4+0=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
