["Number 2839 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 2 and number 8, and the influences and attributes of number 3 and number 9.","is related to balance and harmony, duality, partnerships and relationships, personal will, decisiveness, insightfulness, ambition, diplomacy and mediation, sensitivity, your","and",".","resonates with giving and receiving,",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement,","and intelligence. Number 8 also relates to the concept of",", the",".","relates to joy, growth and expansion, spontaneity and joy,",", optimism and enthusiasm, being brave, creativity and self-expression, sociability and communication. Number 3 also relates to the energies of the",".","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the Universal Spiritual Laws, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
"Angel Number 2839 brings a message to release and let go of old habits, patterns, people, relationships, associations, and/or anything that you feel does not resonate with you nor serve your highest good. Be rid of anything that you feel is having negative effects on you in any way. Negative energy is contagious, and when we create it or absorb it, it takes away our potential for true happiness, damages our health and dampens the life force energy. Negative thoughts, actions and emotions create negative energies, and everything you send out to the Universe comes back to you. When your thoughts, actions and beliefs are positive and you create ‘good energy’, it is reflected back into your own life."
"Angel Number 2839 can indicate the ending or conclusion of a situation, experience, relationship or career path/job. This ending will bring new ways of being and doing and will be to your long-term benefit. Let go of any feelings of guilt or angst from the past as you cannot go backwards, but you can move forward and create a better life for yourself. Allow your past experiences to make you a better person. Learn from them and let them go."
"Own your own power and take responsibility for the decisions and choices you make."
["Number 2839 relates to the","(2+8+3+9=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
