["Number 1257 is a combination of the attributes of number 1 and number 2, and the energies of number 5 and number 7.","contributes its energies of optimism, motivation and activity, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its vibrations of faith and trust, insight and intuition, duality, balance and harmony, adaptability and co-operation, mediation and diplomacy, consideration for others, flexibility and grace and",".","resonates with major life changes,",", adaptability and versatility, courage and conviction, personal freedom and individuality, life lessons learned through experience.","vibrates with the mystical influences of peace,",",","and",", inner-knowing and understanding others, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose and good fortune."]
["Angel Number 1257 is a message to stay optimistic and positive about the life changes you are currently considering and/or experiencing.  These changes are necessary and will prove to be most beneficial as they will usher in positive energies and new inspiration that will see you taking on new and/or different projects and ventures. Your faith, trust,","and expectations will help the transitions to be harmonious and hassle-free.  Adapt to changes with acceptance, gratitude and grace."]
["Angel Number 1257 encourages you to take full advantage of positive changes and their effects on your life, and to take up new opportunities with enthusiasm and optimism.  Trust that these changes are happening in your life in order to enhance and advance you along your journey. The","applaud you for having the courage and conviction to follow your intuition and walk your",".  Your angels encourage, guide and support you along the way."]
["Angel Number 1257 tells of opportunities for you to expand your consciousness and","by",", taking time to go within, listening your intuition and following",".  Keep a strong, clear","and adapt to changes gracefully and gratefully."]
"Life runs better when you trust your intuition.  You already know what to do in your heart, so trust your inner-truths and act upon them."
["Number 1257 relates to","(1+2+5+7=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
