["Number 513 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 5, the vibrations of number 1, and the influences of number 3.","encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom, life changes and",", variety and versatility, motivation, adaptability, resourcefulness, motivation, activity and progress.","relates to new beginnings, motivation, striving forward and progress, ambition and will power, activity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, tenacity, happiness and fulfilment. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and intentions.","adds its influences of optimism and joy, inspiration and creativity, self-expression and communication, imagination and intelligence, sociability and society, energy,",", growth and expansion, spontaneity, encouragement and assistance, natural talent and skills. Number 3 is also the number of the","."]
["Angel Number 513 is a message that your prayers, intentions and actions taken towards making positive changes and improvements in your life have been heard by the","and",". Trust that they are helping you to change your life for the better."]
"Angel Number 513 suggests that the changes around or ahead of you have been manifested in order to transform your life for the better in many ways. Trust that these changes are for your highest good. They may turn out to be the answer to your prayers."
["Angel Number 513 is","and the","that they are aiding and assisting you as you go through major life changes. The","you have made and the actions you have taken will lead to ‘better’ in your life.  Stay brave, courageous and optimistic and you will soon see positive changes taking affect."]
["If feeling any fears or confusion about what the changes will entail for you,","to guide, assist,","support and encourage you through every step. All you need to do is ask, and listen."]
["A new door has opened for you due to your",", prayers, visualizing and",". You have manifested wonderful new opportunities that will further advance you along your path."]
["Number 513 relates to","(5+1+3=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
