"Number 957 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 9 and number 5, and the vibrations of number 7."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["resonates with making major life changes, imagination and curiosity, spontaneity,","learned through experience, the fullness of your humanity and human experience,",", personal freedom, auspicious opportunities and being true to yourself."]
["is the number of knowledge and understanding,","and listening to the inner-self,","and",", learning and education, determination and persistence of purpose, mysticism,","and spiritual gifts."]
["Angel Number 957 is","to continue listening to your intuition about the important changes that are taking place in regards to your career path and",". You have been living and leading your spiritual life with optimism and enthusiasm and the","wish to commend you on your commitment. Trust that these important life changes are fully aligning you with your","and","."]
"Angel Number 957 encourages you to transform your life by shedding limiting beliefs and ridding yourself of anything that holds you back in any way. Go within and shine a light on your inner-shadows so that they can be examined and healed. Follow your intuition and allow yourself to walk the path to self-discovery as it is time to regain your personal power and allow yourself to blossom into your full potential."
["Angel Number 957 is a message that your thoughts, visions and intuitive knowing about your","and","are guiding you in the right direction. You have been following Divine guidance and putting your spiritual knowledge and","into practice as a",". Keep up the great work and bring your dreams to fruition with honesty, integrity, clarity and confidence. You find success by sharing with others and being of service."]
["Number 957 relates to","(9+5+7=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
