"Number 2488 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 4, and the energies of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
"Number 2"
["brings adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, duality, service and devotion, attention to detail, balance and harmony, selflessness, insight, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with diligence and determination to achieve goals, endurance, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
"Number 8"
["relates to personal power and authority, truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance,","and good judgement, material freedom, giving and receiving, the concept of","and the",", and","and",".","Angel Number 2488 asks you to let go of any concerns or fears of lack and/or loss and give them to the","for healing and transmutation. Be responsible for your financial standings and be as self-sufficient as you can be. If you are feeling that your finances are out of balance, do something positive to remedy the situation now.","Angel Number 2488 indicates and suggests that when you live your Divine life path and serve your soul purpose the flow of","increases in your life to support you on your",". Have faith and trust, follow the","and listen to your intuitive messages. Do not be afraid to exert your personal will in the direction of your desires. Take the necessary steps to achieve your desired results on all levels and learn to accept prosperity and abundance with joy, pleasure and","... and remember, the more you have, the more you have to share with others."]
"Use your personal power wisely and do not mis-use it. Be compassionate, thoughtful, aware and respectful in every aspect of your life. Balanced personal power and viewing things from a higher perspective brings clarity and wisdom."
["Number 2488 relates to the","(2+4+8+8=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
