["Number 119 is made up of the attributes of numbers 1, karmic","and number 9.","promotes initiative, ambition and motivation, striving forward and progress, ambition and will power, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds the vibrations of","and karmic life situations and tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and serve our","and",". It asks that you pay attention to your thoughts and ideas as they are revealing the answers to your prayers.","resonates with",", a higher perspective, the concept of",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions. This makes 119 a powerful number of transformation, personal spirituality and karmic consequences."]
"Angel Number 119 is a message from your angels that the positive energies you have been sending out are now being returned in kind, and you are being well-blessed by"
["the Universe. Your angels prompt you to keep your thoughts and aspirations high and expect to see success on all levels. Focus upon your life path and","and your personal spirituality will grow and flourish. Listen to the promptings of your soul and","for wonderful blessings in your life."]
["Angel Number 119 is","that a phase or situation in your life is coming to an end or that your goals have almost come to completion. Remember that as one door closes another is opening so remain positive throughout these transitions and look forward to wonderful new beginnings and auspicious opportunities. These new opportunities will prove to enhance your life and that of others."]
["Angel Number 119 reminds you that self-help is often the best remedy, and your angels love and support you in your quest to help yourself (and others) lead happier and healthier lives. Have a","about your","and",". Know that your destiny is yours to fulfill and the angels give you guidance and support along the way. You are encouraged to shed love and light on humanity."]
["If you have the urge to begin a new career which entails serving humanity, Angel Number 119 may be a message to begin a",". Trust that all you need will be provided by the angels and Universal Energies in Divine right time, and often in the most miraculous ways."]
["Number 119 also relates to the","(1+1+9=11) and","."]
"Also see:"
["(119,",", 199, etc)"]
"*"
