["Number 1339 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 3 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the attributes of number 9.","brings its qualities of creation and creativity, ambition, motivation and progress, insight and inspiration, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment. Number 1 encourages us to step forward in our chosen direction, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with growth and expansion, sensitivity, self-expression, creativity, joy and optimism. Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked.  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". The Masters also help you to find peace, clarity and love within.","resonates with","and humanitarianism, service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example,",",","and the",".  Number 9 also relates to the","and","."]
["Angel Number 1339 is a message regarding your","and",", and you are to pursue your","and life choices.  If you are considering beginning or expanding a spiritually-based practice, career or profession, now is a suitable time to take on this endeavour.  Using your natural","abilities and talents, and living your life as a positive example for others to learn from are important aspects of your soul mission.","when feeling the need for concise help and/or direction.  You are encouraged to continue to live your personal truths as a spiritual being, and remember that your thoughts create your realities, so be sure to maintain a","and outlook."]
["Angel Number 1339 is a message to listen to your soul’s urgings and intuition in regards to your career and/or",".  Continue visualizing and taking action towards pursuing your spiritual path.  You are encouraged to live and","and","as your natural skills and talents are needed for the good of humanity.  Take appropriate action safe in the knowledge that your","fully support you and encourage you to continue steadily along your path with confidence and enthusiasm.","when feeling the need for concise help and/or direction.  You are encouraged to continue to live your personal truths as a spiritual being. Keep up your optimism and enthusiasm and continue to live your passions."]
["Number 1339 relates to","(1+3+3+9=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
