"Number 2102 is a blend of the attributes of number 2 appearing twice, the vibration of number 1 and the influences of number 0."
"Number 2"
["brings the vibrations of balance and harmony, partnership and relationships, diplomacy and adaptability, sensitivity and selflessness, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["brings courage, progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, initiative, instinct and inspiration, finding success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 0"
["reinforces the vibrations of the numbers it appears with and encompasses the attributes of all other numbers. It relates to the Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and",".","Angel Number 2102 brings a powerful message that you are to step out of your comfort zone and take new directions and/or begin new projects and ventures that you have been wanting to do for a long time now.  Release your fears and apprehensions and get on with pursuing your passions and",".","Angel Number 2102 tells of establishing and maintaining balance and equilibrium as you look to new ways of thinking, doing and being. Angelic messages will always be heard in Divine right time, so listen to your intuition and higher-self and you will hear them. The Universe is bringing you opportunities to follow your heart’s desires, and your","encourage you to look upon them with faith and optimism. Trust that the path ahead is clear and you are well-equipped to undertake all ahead of you."]
["Number 2102 relates to","(2+1+0+2=5) and","."]
["Angel Number 2102 may also be encouraging you to look to new and different ways to enhance and enliven your home, garden and surrounds. This may include matters within the house and family arena. Be diplomatic, co-operative and loving when relating to others, appreciate and cherish your loved ones, and be thankful that they are a part of your life. The","encourage you to surround yourself with love and gaiety."]
"*"
