["Number 3039 is a compilation of the energies of number 3 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the energies of number 0, and the vibrations of number 9.","is related to growth and expansion, affability, enthusiasm, spontaneity and broadmindedness, optimism and joy, natural talent and skills, creativity,",", self-expression and communication. Number 3 is also associated with the energies of the",".","represents the Universal Energies, the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with.","resonates with the",", a higher perspective, influence, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, leading life as a positive example for others, strength of character, philanthropy and humanitarianism, and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
"Angel Number 3039 brings a message to look at the people you associate with. Do their energies and attitudes resonate with you, or repel you? What is the tone of their conversations and interactions? People who continually complain, but do not make efforts to make the necessary changes to rectify the situation are likely to attract the same kind of situations and people. Take an honest look at your own energies and belief-systems, and choose to align yourself with those who uplift, nurture and support you as well as themselves. Remember the old adage, ‘birds of a feather flock together’, and be aware of where you spend your energies, and with whom."
"Consider ways in which you can transform and improve your life by ridding yourself of out-dated beliefs, thought-patterns, ways of being and doing, and any relationships and associations that do not serve your highest good. Objectively, consider how you would like to your life to be, then take the steps necessary to make the changes that you want to see in your life."
["Stay balanced, calm and harmonious and let the old go with love and","for the service it gave you, and welcome the new into your life with optimism and enthusiasm."]
["Number 3039 relates to","(3+0+3+9=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
