["Number 2013 relates to","(2+0+1+3=6) and","."]
"Number 2013 is a blend of the energies of number 2, the influences of number 0, the vibrations of number 1, and the attributes of number 3."
"Number 2"
["resonates with service to others, finding balance and harmony, faith and trust, insight, sensitivity and intuition, diplomacy, duality, encouragement and support, and serving your Divine","and","."]
"Number 0"
["stands for potential and/or choice and relates to",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
"Number 1"
["relates to inspiration and intuition, positivity, new beginnings and taking action, self-reliance and tenacity, and striving towards achieving success. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to step forward boldly towards our goals and aspirations."]
"Number 3"
["resonates with the vibration of courage, forgiveness, skills and talents, open-mindedness, self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, growth and expansion. Number 3 also relates to the","help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".","Angel Number 2013 is a number of faith and trust in yourself and your personal talents and abilities. You are encouraged to step in the direction you desire with confidence and grace and with the belief/knowledge that you will find success and fulfilment in your endeavours. Do not be afraid to take on new challenges and opportunities as they will prove to be of great benefit to yourself and others. Never doubt yourself or the power of the",".","Angel Number 2013 encourages you to have faith, trust and belief in your intuition and intuitive messages and to be open to","and the","as they are currently assisting you with viewing situations from a higher perspective so that you can overcome any perceived doubts or fears. Stay positive and optimistic about your future and destiny, and give any concerns, fears and worries to the angels for healing and transmutation.","Angel Number 2013 brings","and the","that they are helping with the manifestation of your goals and desires at this time. Stay focused on what you DO want, rather than on what you don’t want, and keep your thoughts, expectations and outlook positive and optimistic. Focusing on a successful and fulfilling future will",", wants and desires into your life, so trust your","and feelings, then take positive action."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
