"Number 958 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 9 and number 5, and the attributes of number 8."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, duty and calling, sensitivity, benevolence, altruism and","."]
["relates to important life changes, auspicious new opportunities, making",", learning","through experience, the fullness of your humanity and human experience, imagination and curiosity, vitality, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility."]
["is associated with personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, dependability,","and self-reliance, and","wealth and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["Angel Number 958 indicates that the positive changes you have made (and/or are currently making) are successfully","ample supply and","into your life as you passionately serve your","and",". You have made good choices and are reaping long-term and on-going rewards. The","surround you with love and positive energies, and encourage you to continue on your path."]
"Angel Number 958 tells you that it is up to you to decide what it is that you wish to experience in your life, and the steps you choose to take to get there. Consider ways in which you can transform and improve your life by ridding yourself of out-dated beliefs and thought-patterns that do not serve your highest good. Objectively consider how you would like your life to be, then take the steps necessary to make the changes that you want to see in your life."
["Angel Number 958 is","that your material needs are being provided for as you focus your time and energy on your personal spirituality and",". Trust that the changes you have made (and are making) will ensure a steady supply of plenty into your life. Have no fear of lack or loss and know that all is happening in Divine right order."]
["Learn to remain in a state of peace and harmony so that you are able to","when it comes to","and the world around you. Also remember that as you live your life each day you are a unique teaching guide and tool as you are setting a positive example with your actions and deeds. Make sure that they are for the highest and best for all concerned."]
["Number 958 relates to the","(9+5+8=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
