["Number 1199 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, magnifying its influences and relating to the karmic Master Number 11) and the energies of number 9, also appearing twice, amplifying its attributes.","relates to creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards to achieve success, attainment and happiness.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.  Two 1’s appearing together relate to the Master Number 11.  The","brings the principles of",", illumination, positive energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity.  The message of the Master Number 11 is that to connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and serve our","and",".","resonates with","and humanitarianism,",", service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example, altruism and benevolence, and endings and conclusions.  Number 9 also relates to the",", the concept of","the","."]
["Angel Number 1199 may be suggesting that aspects of your life are coming to a close and/or an important phase or cycle is coming to an end. Trust that this is happening for very karmic reasons which will become evident in the very near future.  This is preparing you to begin a wonderful new life and lifestyle that will see all fall into place for you in the most positive ways.  These endings are clearing the way for you to fully","as your soul dictates.  Trust that all the information, guidance and assistance you will need along your path will be supplied by the","and Universal Energies."]
["The repeating Angel Number 1199 is","that a cycle or phase is coming to and end, making way for ‘new’ to begin.  One door is closing behind you as another opens in front of you, and your angels ask that you stay positive and focused as the Universe sets you in perfect alignment with your","and","."]
["Allow connection and","to open you up to new and unexplored knowledge and wisdom, and positive ways to uplift and serve humanity. If you have been hearing the call to",", Angel Number 1199 may suggest that now is a most auspicious time to pursue your passion and take action."]
["Angel Number 1199 is a sign for","to get to work and shine their lights to illuminate the way for others."]
["Number 1199 relates to","(1+1+9+9=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"Also see:"
["(",",",",",",","etc)"]
"Angel Number 19"
"Angel Number 119"
"Angel Number 191"
