["Number 655 is a compilation of the energies of number 6 and the attributes of number 5 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","relates to the material aspects of life, home, family and domesticity,","and",", compromise, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, and providing for the self and others, personal willpower, finding solutions and overcoming obstacles.","brings important life changes and auspicious new opportunities, making","and decisions and learning","through experience, magnetism, competitiveness, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility, individuality and doing things your own way."]
["Angel Number 655 suggests that major changes are taking place in your life and you may be feeling apprehensive or anxious about what is ahead of you. Know that these changes are happening to advance you along your life path and","and you are encouraged to take full advantage of the changes and the new opportunities they will bring. Your prayers and","have manifested these much needed changes, so trust that they are right for you."]
["Angel Number 655 encourages you to bring some fresh, new energies into your home and family environment, and/or start a project related to something that you are truly interested in. You can also expect some positive new additions to your home and/or family life and/or some great news coming your way. As you live your life true to your own values and personal","the","and Universal Energies will ensure that all of your needs are taken care of leaving you free to pursue the course of action that takes you closer to living your personal truths."]
["Angel Number 655 indicates that wonderful changes are taking place and new opportunities will miraculously appear with help from your",". When you live your life being true to yourself and honest with others you","positive energies and desired results and outcomes."]
"Life doesn’t get better by chance ... it gets better by change."
["Number 655 relates to","(6+5+5=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
