"Number 2528 brings together the energies of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the attributes of number 5, and the qualities of number 8."
"Number 2"
["brings its vibrations of service to others, insight and intuition, co-operation and adaptability, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, and serving your","and","."]
"Number 5"
["encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom,","and important changes, variety and versatility, motivation, adaptability, resourcefulness, activity and progress."]
"Number 8"
["relates to the vibrations of","and",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, self-confidence and personal authority, giving and receiving,","and intelligence. Number 8 is also the number of",", the","."]
"Angel Number 2528 brings a message that new projects, concepts, business or career prospects are happening around you at this time and changes are on the way into your life. Examine your true feelings regarding your work/career or income earning ventures and look to ways of making changes that allow for more flexibility and/or freedom of expression. Look into the fine-print or more intricate details of any project, contract, agreement or terms as there may be something over-looked or misunderstood, so read everything very carefully before making any important financial transactions, or prior to committing to anything binding. Be aware of your shifting reality and trust that your world is changing for the better."
"You are responsible for your own mindset, so if your thoughts and beliefs are not positively serving you, it is time change them. Replace negative thoughts and patterns with determination and purpose. Rather than hope to be rescued or saved, acknowledge your own personal power, access it, and use it. Stand tall in your own strengths and look at things from a higher perspective. Your moment to moment thoughts, choices and emotions effect your vitality and energy, so if your beliefs do not make you happy it is up to you to change them. Make the changes you know you need to make and walk forward with confidence and grace."
"Also remember that happiness comes from giving and helping, not buying and having."
["Number 2528 relates to","(2+5+2+8=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
