["Number 1115 is a blend of the vibrations of the number 1 appearing tripled, and number 5.","brings with it the attributes of initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach, action, motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 reminds us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with the vibrations of","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way."]
["Angel Number 1115 is","that some much needed life changes are ahead of you, or are occurring in your life right now.  Your angels want you to remain courageous and positive throughout these transitions, and trust that they support and surround you with love and healing."]
["Angel Number 1115 suggests that your ideas, thoughts and intuitive feelings are prompting you to make some necessary (and long awaited) changes in your life.","are encouraging you to make these","and changes and are supporting you through the transitions.  Have no fear about making these major life changes as in the long-term they will prove to be of great benefit to you and others.  You will be ridding yourself of old restraints and constraints and will be making room for ‘new’ to enter your life."]
["Angel Number 1115 is a message to keep your thoughts and actions focused upon your goals and aspirations in order to",".  Look upon current changes to your life and lifestyle with a","and believe that they are for your highest good.  Use","and","in order to keep your outlook bright and receptive.  Don’t be afraid to be yourself."]
["Angel Number 1115 is also a message to use your personal insight, tenacity and initiative when","that concern your own wellbeing and life path, as only you know your true heart’s desires.  You have the",", talents and abilities to achieve all that you strive to.  Trust yourself and your angels."]
["Number 1115 also relates to the","(1+1+1+5=8) and","."]
"Also see:"
["(",",",", 151, 155 etc)"]
"Angel Number 15"
"Angel Number 115"
