"Number 1\tresonates with the vibrations and attributes of new beginnings, independence, individuality, masculinity, assertiveness, success, leadership, originality, initiative, the pioneer, organizer, instinct, courage, inspiration, strength, creation and creativity, self-reliance, tenacity, forcefulness, authority, strong willpower, leniency, attainment, happiness, glory, fame, uniqueness, omniscience, fulfillment, innovation, risk-taking, high achievements, instinct, oneness with life, self-development, progress, tenacity, leadership, strength, ambition, motivation, striving forward and progress, ambition and will power, positivity and positiveness, pioneering, raw energy, force, activity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, intuition, organization, achievement and success, strength and self-reliance, authority, love, attainment, fulfilment and omniscience.\tNumber 1\t, being the number of 'new' is the number from which all manifestation begins.  It is the energy that begins all actions and leads the way in new directions.  1 is the number of new projects, courage, originality and decisiveness and the desire for expansion on all levels.\tEvery number is divisible by 1.  We are all one, therefore we are all connected and associated by thought.  When the\tAngel Number 1\tappears to you repeatedly it is a message to watch your thoughts and focus upon your positive desires, rather than your negative fears.\tThe\tAngel Number 1\t tells of new beginnings and changes.  It denotes leadership and independence and tells of new starts and new actions that will take self-reliance and determination.  Leadership takes courage, strong willpower and decisiveness in all areas, so that the goal can be achieved.  \tWhen\tAngel Number 1\tappear repeatedly it signifies that an energetic gateway has opened up for you, and this will rapidly\tmanifest your thoughts\tinto reality.  The message is to choose your thoughts wisely, ensuring that they match your true desires.  Do not put your energy into focusing on fears as you may manifest them into your life.\tThe number 11 is a ‘karmic’, Master Number. The\tMaster Number 11\ttells us that to become involved with the higher-self is to know our\tlife purpose and soul mission\t. Once we learn to blend the higher-self with our daily thinking pattern, we will learn how to avoid the obstacles and pitfalls experienced when we operate fully on a materialistic level.  As we learn to blend the two levels we mature and\tdevelop spiritually\t.  It makes us grow stronger and develop an inner-strength that will help us to steer our lives in the right direction.  Balance within gives us great strength to our character.  The essence of the message of the number sequence of 11 is to develop intuition, clairvoyance, spiritual healing and metaphysical faculties.  The\tNumber 11\tsymbolizes the principle of\tspiritual enlightenment\t.  \tWhen\tAngel Number 11\tappears repeatedly in your life your angels are asking you to pay attention to your repetitive thoughts and ideas as they hold the ‘answers’ to your prayers. \tWhen you recognize an\tAngel Number 111\tsequence appearing to you frequently, take note of your thoughts at the time that they occur. When a series of 111's appear, monitor your thoughts carefully and be sure to only think about what it is you really want, not what you don't want.\tThe 1111 sequences is most often the first sequence that appears to many people.  Once the 1111 is noticed and acknowledged, the number sequences progress onto other numbers and your angels have other messages to pass on to you.  The 1111 number sequence is a sign that there is an opportunity opening up for you, and your thoughts are manifesting them into form at lightening speed.  The 1111 is similar to the bright light of a flashbulb.  It means that the Universe has just taken a snapshot of your thoughts and is\tmanifesting your ideas\tinto material form. Be aware that you will\tmanifest your thoughts\t, therefore, do not think negative thoughts as these are what you will draw into your life. Use the positive energies of the Universe to bring to fruition your deepest desires, hopes and dreams.\tAngel Number 1\tAngel Number 11\tAngel Number 111\tJoanne\tSacred Scribes\tNUMEROLOGY\t -  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers\tBODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
