["Number 2009 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+0+0+9=11, 1+1=2)."]
"Number 2009 brings together the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 0, and the vibrations of number 9."
"Number 2"
["brings its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, kindness and consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and","and","."]
"Number 0"
["relates to eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point and potential and/or choice. It has to do with","and represents the beginning of a spiritual journey. Number 0 carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, and its energies emphasize and amplify the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with leading by positive example,","philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, the",", the concept of","and the",".  Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions.","Angel Number 2009 can indicate that a relationship or situation to do with others may be coming to a conclusion, and your","encourage you not to fear this ending as it will lead to wonderful new beginnings and opportunities to shine your own unique light. You are being called upon to listen to your","and take positive action. Have faith and trust in yourself and your",", and move on and progress towards your destiny. Trust that a wonderful new beginning and/or direction is indicated for you and new experiences and opportunities are about to enter your life.","Angel Number 2009 can also suggests that if you have ‘lost’ something of late, the Universe is","something positive for you to take its’ place.","Angel Number 2009 may also be suggesting that if you are inclined to pursue a","or heart-based service, now is a most auspicious time to begin. It is time to","and use them to benefit yourself and others in a","capacity. Know that you have all that you need within you, and you are ready."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
