["Number 1278 is made up of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 2, and the influences of number 7 and number 8.","relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and promotes creation, new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and progress, initiative, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress.","adds its attributes of balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and","and",".","vibrates with the influences of inner-knowing and understanding others, dignity and refinement,",",","and",", endurance and persistence of purpose, good fortune and our soul mission and life purpose.","brings it vibrations of manifesting wealth and abundance, self-confidence and personal authority, discernment, achievement, giving and receiving, inner-wisdom and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of Karma – the Universal Spiritual Law of Cause and Effect."]
["Angel Number 1278 is","to maintain your",", outlook and expectations, as these vibrations are","into your life.  The","of",",","and","are working cohesively in your life. Your angels want you to know that you are on the right life path and you are urged to continue in this vein.  Bravo with your","."]
["Angel Number 1278 suggests that you have been working from the heart to help, assist and serve others, and you have been","and","with compassion and commitment. The angels applaud you in your efforts and fully support and encourage you to continue on your current path.  Trust that your commitment to serving others will result in blessings and rewards entering your life and the manifestation of your true desires.  Know that your actions are leading to an influx of material abundance.","and remember that the more you have, the more you have to share with others."]
["Angel Number 1278 is a message that your present course of action is in-line with your",", and your","encourage you to continue on your present path with faith, trust and enthusiasm. You are","with your positive energies and vibrations. Your desires are coming to fruition in Divine right time and in exactly the perfect way.  All the pieces of the puzzle are falling into place in just the right way."]
["Number 1278 relates to","(1+2+7+8=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
