["Number 1426 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 2 and number 6.","denotes"]
"initiative and striving forward, creation, new beginnings and projects, achieving success, attainment, fulfilment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that"
["with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to diligence and determination to achieve goals, endurance, practicality and application, hard"]
["work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty, integrity and",".  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose and is the number of the"]
[".","adds its vibrations of adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, duality, service and devotion, balance and harmony, selflessness, insight, faith"]
["and trust and your","and",".","resonates with love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness,"]
"responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming"
"obstacles."
"Angel Number 1426 is a message of encouragement and support from your angels.  Trust that your material and monetary needs (such as home, transportation, food,"
["clothing and utilities etc) will be met as you journey along your life path,",".  The determination and diligence you have devoted to living a"]
"consciously balanced and centered life has manifested a continued supply of positive abundance into your life, ensuring that you are sustained and maintained in your"
["daily life.  Keep up the good work you have been doing and expect","to flow into your life.","and share them freely"]
"with others as this encourages a continuous and steady supply.  As you give so you shall receive."
"Angel Number 1426 encourages you to have a diplomatic and co-operative attitude and outlook in order to set a positive example for others to learn from.  As you serve"
"your life purpose you will reap the spiritual and emotional rewards of love, balance, trust and inner-peace.  The angels are boosting and lifting your energies and"
"vibrations and encouraging you to accept ‘good’ into your life in whatever manner it presents."
"The quality of our lives comes from within us. Embrace and welcome happiness in all of its forms."
["Number 1426 relates to","(1+4+2+6=13, 1+3-4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
