["Number 1097 is a blend of the influences and attributes of number 1, number 0, number 9 and number 7.","relates to new beginnings, starting new ventures,"]
["motivation and progress, self-reliance, achievement and attainment. Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions."]
"magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands"
["for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and"]
"highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."
["resonates with the",", a higher perspective,",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,"]
["and",".  Number 9 also denotes endings, closure and conclusions.","brings its influences of the Universal Energies, faith and spirituality,"]
"determination and persistence of purpose, inner-strength and"
","
","
"and"
", mysticism and"
"."
"Angel Number 1097 indicates that you are shedding old facets of your life that no longer positively serve you nor suit who you are as you are now living a more"
"authentic and purposeful life and lifestyle.  Let the ‘old’ go with love and gratitude for its service and be open to receiving the ‘new’ in your life."
"Angel Number 1097 is a message of encouragement from your angels and affirms that you are on the right life path.  Your plans and intentions are guiding and directing"
"you towards the next major step/s along your spiritual, Divine life path.  Your angels encourage you to consider your true priorities and take positive action related to"
["and",".  Your positive actions are having an effect on others who are following your lead."]
["Your angels encourage you to follow your intuition in regards to",". You are on the right track and are now leading your life as a positive example for"]
"others to follow.  It encourages you to expand your personal spirituality and spiritual pursuits, and if you feel inclined to begin or expand a"
", Angel Number 1097 indicates that now is an auspicious time to do so.  The angels applaud your choices to live with truth, honesty and integrity."
"Angel Number 1097 suggests that you are an open channel to higher Universal knowledge.  Feel the comforting energies from your angels as they guide you to your"
"destiny."
["Number 1097 relates to","(1+0+9+7=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 197"
