["Number 1055 is made up of a combination of the attributes and energies of numbers 1, number 0 and doubled number 5.","resonates with the vibrations of"]
"creation, beginning new projects or ventures, inner-strength and tenacity, positivity, attainment and success.  Number 1 encourages us to strive forward with courage and"
["tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","is a message to do with","and is considered to"]
"represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It also suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is"
"where you will find your answers.  Number 0 amplifies the energies of the number/s it appears with. Number 0 resonates with the influences of the ‘God force’ and"
"Universal Energies and resonates with the vibrations of eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point."
["appears twice amplifies its energies, which resonate with making major life changes, spontaneity, life lessons learned through experience,",","]
["personal freedom, auspicious opportunities and being true to yourself.  Number 1055 promotes the freedom to live and","as your intuition and"]
"inner-knowing dictates."
"Angel Number 1055 suggests that the timing is right for a new venture, project and/or direction.  Do not allow others to deter or hinder you in any way once you have"
"made your final choice or decision.  Only you know your true heart’s desires and soul calling.  Listen to your own intuition and look to new directions and opportunities"
"with an open mind and optimism."
"Angel Number 1055 suggests that you deserve some positive changes to take place in your life.  Have the courage to be true to"
["yourself and life your passions and","."]
"Angel Number 1055 is a message to take charge of your own life, do things your own way, and make positive changes to benefit yourself and those around you."
"Although you may fear the unknown, your angels ask that you trust that these changes will be to your long-term benefit and advantage.  A happy outcome and result"
"follows your positive expectations. Stay positive and optimistic about these impending changes, and you will find that all will go smoothly."
["Number 1055 relates to","(1+0+5+5=11) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 15"
"Angel Number 105"
"Angel Number 115"
"Angel Number 150"
"Angel Number 151"
"Angel Number 155"
