["Number 401 is a blend of the vibrations and attributes of number 4, the influences of number 0 and the energies of number 1.","relates to hard work and effort, building solid foundations, stability and practicality, honesty and integrity, system and order, patience, dependability, our passion and drive, and working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations. Number 4 also relates to the","."]
["Number 0 relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
"carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, new beginnings and starting afresh. Number 1 also relates to"
"by our thoughts, beliefs and actions."
["Angel Number 401 is","that your thoughts and feelings are being elevated to a more positive state. Give any fears or concerns of any kind to the angels for healing and transmutation, and have faith and trust that you are being supported, encouraged and","along your path. You are safe and protected  -  always."]
["Angel Number 401 is a reminder to maintain a",", mind-set and optimistic outlook to attract positive energies and auspicious circumstances into your life. Practice","and prayers to maintain a strong connection to the angelic and spiritual realms. Be mindful of the","as the energy you send out comes back to you."]
["Angel Number 401 brings a message to be careful what you wish for, as you just might get it. Stay positive, optimistic and practical to ensure that you",", rather than what you don’t. Building strong foundations from well-laid plans ensures future stability, progress and success. Put your efforts and focus towards your long-term goals and aspirations and work with purpose, passion and drive. Courageously step forward in the direction of","and trust that the things you require will manifest when needed in your life."]
"Angel Number 401 can also tell of new opportunities (or obstacles) may come along to shift your perspective, to change your direction for the better, or to strengthen your resolve."
["through our conscious decisions, intentions and actions. Through positive thought and","you experience an increase in positive experiences occurring in your life."]
["Number 401 relates to","(4+0+1=5) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
