["Number 1938 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 9, and the vibrations and influences of number 3 and number 8.","brings its qualities of creation and creativity, ambition, motivation and progress, insight and inspiration, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment. Number 1 encourages us to step forward in our chosen direction, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, high ideals, tolerance, humility, the concepts of","and",", serving your","and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","resonates with courage, forgiveness, open-mindedness and joy, attainment, self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, natural skills and talents, growth and expansion, and","your heart’s desires. Number 3 also resonates with the vibrations of the",".","brings the vibrations of","wealth and",", material and monetary mastery, income and finance, self-confidence and personal authority, stability,","and discernment, giving and receiving, and serving humanity."]
["Angel Number 1938 may relate to your lifestyle and career choices, and the angels guide and support you as you focus upon your","as a",". If you are considering beginning (or expanding) a","or heart-based project, Angel Number 1938 is a positive sign that you will find success in your chosen field. Angel Number 1938 is a sign to prompt you towards your true soul’s calling."]
["Angel Number 1938 tells you that the","are with you, always offering encouragement and support and helping you to serve your","as a",". They ask you to have faith and trust that you possess all the skills, talents and abilities within you that you need to succeed with your soul’s tasks in this lifetime. As you put your efforts and attention upon living your personal truths and being a positive example for others, you automatically","and plenty into your life."]
["Angel Number 1938 also reminds you that financial and material know-how is one of your strengths, so use your","and knowledge for the benefit of yourself and others. Success comes in many forms."]
["Step into your own power and","and take actions that honour and celebrate you and your life. If you are not happy with the way things are going in your life, now is the time to change your thoughts and actions and make efforts to pursue your true desires, wishes and goals. You are a powerful spiritual being and it is your duty to live up to your","and destiny."]
["Number 1938 relates to","(1+9+3+8=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
