["Number 420 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 4, number 2 and number 0.","brings the vibrations of practical thinking, security and building solid foundations for ourselves and others, inner-wisdom and patience, application and productivity. Number 4 also relates to our passions and what motivates and drives us in our lives, as well as the",".","carries the qualities of partnerships and relationships, duality, service and duty to others, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity. Number 2 also relates to serving your","and","."]
["Number 0 represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 420 is a message that you have opening your heart to wonderful possibilities and opportunities to do with your",". You have a strong and clear connection with the angelic and spiritual realms and are receiving Divine guidance through your intuition, dreams and recurring thoughts. Trust the messages and","and follow accordingly."]
["Angel Number 420 is a reminder to maintain faith and trust in the","and the Universal Energies. Your","is an important one and you are prompted to put your efforts towards living and serving it to the full. Trust that you are safe, protected and surrounded by the"]
["Angel Number 420 also encourages you to pursue your ideal career and/or profession. If you are intuitively prompted to begin or expand","or heart-based service, the angels will assist with establishing the foundations that will lead to your desired results and ultimate success. Working to serve others will","all that you want and need in your life."]
"Do not procrastinate about making your move and/or enjoying the fruits of your labour."
["Number 420 relates to","(4+2+0=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
