["Number 1476 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 7 and number 6.","relates to new"]
"beginnings and taking action, motivation and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, achievement and inspiration, fulfilment and omniscience.  Number 1 also tells"
["us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with patience, devotion, application, willpower and effort, traditional values,"]
"stability and ability, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals.  Number 4 also relates to the energies of the"
[".","brings the vibrations of","and",", mysticism and",", far-sightedness, deep contemplation and"]
["introspection, persistence of purpose, and understanding the self and others.  Number 7 also encourages education, learning and study.","relates to love of home"]
"and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates"
"with finding solutions and overcoming obstacles."
"Angel Number 1476 suggests that you work towards gaining more spiritual knowledge and wisdom and incorporating it into your daily life.  Trust that you and your"
"family will be provided for and your needs will be met as you focus on your inner-urgings and soul promptings. Look to your own health and wellbeing and take time"
"out to rest and rejuvenate.  Taking care of yourself is as important as caring for others."
"Angel Number 1476 tells you that you are to be commended for the actions you have taken (or will be taking shortly) and the changes made to certain aspects of your"
["life.  It is a message that you have been","successfully and your desires are becoming reality. You have achieved balance between your spiritual life with your"]
"material world, and in turn you are reaping benefits and long-term rewards.  Your angels ask you to keep a positive attitude and high expectations to keep up the flow of"
"."
"Angel Number 1476 indicates that you are on the right path to making sweeping improvements in your life, particularly in regards to the financial and monetary aspects."
"Trust that your material needs will be met as you boldly make necessary changes to important aspects of your life and lifestyle.  It is time to spruce up your environment"
"and refresh your life in every way."
["Number 1476 relates to","(1+4+7+6=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
