["Number 1496 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 9 and number 6.","brings its qualities of positivity, intuition, instinct, courage, ambition and attainment, fresh new beginnings and taking new directions.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with our willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, patience and practicality, building solid foundations and working diligently towards achieving goals. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","relates to leadership and leading by positive example, the","and the concept of",", altruism and benevolence, high ideals, tolerance, humility,","and service to humanity.  Number 9 also indicates endings, closures and conclusions.","adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, problem-solving and solution-finding, provision and providing and the material aspects of life."]
["Angel Number 1496 asks you to put extra effort, energy and focus towards pursuing and serving your","and",".  Trust that you are being helped and","in regards to the next steps to take along your path and all you will ever need in your daily life will be supplied for you, and your home, family and material aspects will be provided for.  Any issues or hinderances will be solved and obstacles overcome."]
["Angel Number 1496 tells of reaping material rewards and benefits for good work well done and suggests that the most suited and appropriate career choices or opportunities will soon present in your life.  Give any fears or worries concerning lack or loss to the","for healing and transmutation and maintain a","and an optimistic outlook about your life in general. Take action on the ideas, thoughts and promptings you have been experiencing and follow your intuition and","."]
["The","encourage you to inspire more love and joy into your home and surrounds.  Be loving towards yourself and others and make your home a tranquil and welcoming sanctuary  filled with peace and beauty."]
["Number 1496 relates to","(1+4+9+6=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
