"Number 859 is a mix of the vibrations and energies of number 8 and 5, and the influences of number 9."
["is the number of self-confidence, personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, reality, dependability and self-reliance, and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["relates to important life changes, auspicious new opportunities,",", learning","through experience, imagination and curiosity, vitality, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility."]
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["Angel Number 859 brings","that your","towards making important changes in your life has brought you in direct alignment with your","as a",". Trust that these changes will provide the answers to your prayers. Go with the flow of these changes and trust that you are on the right path."]
["Angel Number 859 encourages you to work diligently on your","with passion and enthusiasm. The","have guided you to make positive life changes that will ensure that you have all that you will need in your life, and that you are in the right place at the right time to serve humanity as your soul dictates. The path is clear for you to live your life as a positive example for others to follow."]
["Angel Number 859 may also be a strong indication that it is time to look at your career prospects. Now is the time to begin a","or service-based project or venture if you are so prompted. Trust that this change will bring many blessings and benefits to yourself and others."]
["Be aware of the opportunities appearing in your life each and every moment and watch out for synchronicities, signs, omens and messages as to your path. When you are in synchronicity with life and in the present moment,","and","appear in abundance to guide and assist you on your path. Pay attention to patterns and signs that consistently re-appear."]
["Number 859 relates to the","(8+5+9 =22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
