["Number 2998 brings together the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 9 appearing twice, magnifying its influences, and the energies of number 8.","is associated with balance, harmony, duality, peace, adaptability, service to others, diplomacy, receptivity and love, charm, understanding others, mediation and co-operation, consideration, faith and trust, your",", support and encouragement.","resonates with the",", a higher perspective, influence, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, leading life as a positive example for others, strength of character, philanthropy and humanitarianism, and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","is the number of practicality, challenge, consideration, inner-strength and self-confidence, efficiency, self-discipline,","and good judgement, stability and self-sufficiency. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
["Angel Number 2998 encourages you to review your life with total honesty and consider the areas in which you are not being true to yourself, then be ready to change them. Do not give your power away to other peoples’ views or perceptions of right and wrong, good or bad. Choose to do what you genuinely want to do rather than act out of guilt or obligation to another or others.","and take actions that empower you and embrace your uniqueness. You have Divine wisdom within you that is connected to the Universal Energies. Use this wisdom to empower yourself and stand in your own truths. Be open-minded, but listen to your own intuition and inner-knowing when making decisions for yourself. See your spiritual light for all its glory and shine it brightly."]
"Angel Number 2998 tells you that it is time to face any challenges, obstacles or problems head on. Issues will not disappear unless you take action. Do what you can in the best way possible and acknowledge your progress. You would never grow and learn without experiencing times of trials, tribulations and difficulties. Facing obstacles encourages you to break through barriers and brings positive change to your life. Change helps you to grow and ensures that you learn important lessons and continue evolving. Every challenge in your life has a gift hidden within it."
["Number 2998 relates to","(2+9+9+8=28, 2+8=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
