["Angel Number 2996 is a combination of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 9 appearing twice, magnifying its influences, and the qualities of number 6.","resonates with service to others, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and mediation, flexibility, compassion and understanding, faith and trust, support and encouragement, and serving your","and",".","is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, providing for the self and others, service to others and selflessness,",",",", responsibility and reliability, dignity and simplicity, mediation and the ability to compromise, finding solutions and overcoming obstacles."]
"Angel Number 2996 tells you that if feeling overwhelmed uncomfortable or fearful, understand that it is okay to take time out and take yourself away from the situation so that you can go within to re-balance and re-centre yourself. When you experience a strong inner-knowing about something (or someone), make sure you honour the process of listening to your intuition and heeding its wisdom. Set the boundaries of what you feel is safe and positive to nurture your soul. Take the time to nurture, heal and re-energize yourself and seek your own peace and safety from within."
"Take notice of your thoughts, words and intentions and consciously choose your actions to come from a place of love. Find happiness in the small things that happen every day as noticing the small pleasures makes a big difference to the quality of your life. Choose to be happy. Be happy with who you are right now and allow that positivity to inspire and motivate you towards a happier tomorrow. Seek out things (and people) that bring you joy and express yourself with truth and love."
["Angel Number 2996 also tells of being gracious and feeling","for all in your life. Extending","towards life attracts more goodness to flow your way.","is linked to better relationships, improved health and wellbeing, and a more","towards life."]
["Number 2996 relates to","(2+9+9+6=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
