"Number 938 is a compilation of the vibrations and influences of number 9 and number 3, and the attributes of number 8."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["is the number of",", creativity and self-expression, joy and spontaneity, growth and expansion, imagination and intelligence, affability and enthusiasm. Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["brings it energies of self-confidence and personal authority,","and decisiveness, achievement, patience and practicality, giving and receiving,","and material success. Number 8 is also the number of","; the","."]
["Angel Number 938 indicates that you are being fully supported by the","as you serve your","and",". As you put your efforts towards your spiritual goals and aspirations you will","abundant supply to maintain and sustain you in your life. The","encourage you to put your","abilities and talents to good use without further delay."]
["Angel Number 938 is a message that you are successfully","ample supply and abundance into your life as you passionately serve your","and",". The","and","surround you with love and positive energies, and encourage you to continue on your path."]
"Your needs are being provided for as you focus your time and energy on your spirituality and"
". Have no fear of lack or loss and trust that all is going to Divine right order."
"Become aware of your innate talents and natural abilities and use them for the wellbeing and benefit of yourself and others. Establish solid foundations for yourself so that you have the self-belief and confidence to take on tasks ahead of you. Start from the beginning and structure your plans so that they are manageable and achievable. Gather your strengths, natural talents and passions and use them for the betterment of yourself and others."
["Number 938 relates to","(9+3+8=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
