"Number 1441 is a mix of the attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its vibrations, and the energies of number 4 also appearing twice, doubling its"
["influences.","resonates with new beginnings and projects, self-leadership, inner-strength and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and will"]
["power, attainment and happiness.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions prompts us out of our comfort zones."]
"relates to working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations. It tells of planning, hard work and effort, building solid foundations, motivation, stability"
["and practicality, system and order and our passion and drive in life. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 1441 encourages progressive change, renewal and growth, and tells you to share your knowledge and wisdom with others in interesting and unique ways."
"Look to new and different ways to get your work done more effectively and efficiently.  Listen to your intuition as your angels are sending you guidance and ushering"
"positive energies towards and around you."
"Angel Number 1441 is a message to keep your thoughts positive and optimistic as you undertake an important new project, role or venture.  Your positive energies,"
["intentions and actions will","your expected results. Trust your angels to deliver all that you will need and expect some well-earned rewards for good work well"]
"done.  Your angels want you to know that you deserve the very best."
["Your thoughts and beliefs are rapidly manifesting into material form; therefore ensure that you keep","and outlook to ensure that you"]
["‘good’.  As you create your experiences and realities with your beliefs and thoughts, your",", intentions and actions will manifest your"]
"results.  Working steadily towards your goals using wisdom, patience and determination will see your aspirations come to fruition."
"Angel Number 1441 encourages you to keep striving ahead, and don’t take ‘no’ for an answer.  You are encouraged to walk through the doors of opportunity that are"
"opening in front of you."
["Number 1441 relates to","(1+4+4+1=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
