["Number 2988 brings together the vibrations of number 2, the energies of number 9, and the attributes of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","resonates with receptivity and love, partnerships and relationships, duality, adaptability, faith and trust, service to others, flexibility, balance and harmony, diplomacy and mediation, understanding, support and encouragement, and serving your","."]
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, non-conformity, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and",".","relates to self-reliance, reality,","wealth and",", self-confidence,","and good judgement, achievement, giving and receiving, philanthropy and serving humanity, and","; the","."]
"Angel Number 2988 brings a message to consider what or who in your life is not serving your highest good? What or who is draining your energies or holding you back from being your best and brightest? Be courageous and honest with yourself and identify the areas, situations and/or people in your life where you face recurring negativity, difficulties, obstacles or hindrances, and make concerted efforts to rectify, change or even finish with the relationship/s or aspect of your life. Surrender and release those parts of your life that are not working for you, as your thoughts, intentions and wishes for a better life/lifestyle are coming your way in the near future. Go with the flow and release fears and doubts."
"Throughout your life others try to tell you are, what you should do, how you should live your life, and who you should be. Rather than allow yourself to be confused as to your true path, make your own way and follow your own lead. Only you know what is right for you, so listen to your own heart and trust it. Develop enough self-love to know that you do not need the approval of others to be happy and content within. Do not sacrifice your authenticity and uniqueness for the sake of others’ approval."
["Angel Number 2988 tells you that self-confidence, self-belief and self-love give you the freedom to","that suit you and who you truly are. Be who you are meant to be and do what you feel called to do."]
["Number 2988 relates to","(2+9+8+8=27, 2+7=9) and","."]
