["Number 1166 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its energies) and the vibrations of number 6, (with number 6 also appearing twice, amplifying its influences).","resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success and attainment.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones."]
"Number 1 appearing twice together relates to the"
".  The karmic number 11 resonates with the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, self-expression and sensitivity, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and serve our"
"and"
"."
"relates to the vibrations of love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, caring and nurturing others.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."
"Angel Number 1166 is a message of love, home, family and beauty."
["Angel Number 1166 is a reminder from your angels to maintain positive expectations and speak, think and act only in the most positive and practical of ways.  Look upon all aspect of your life with optimism and hold high expectations, and you will find that all issues will be resolved and solutions found.",", and",", so choose your thoughts, words and actions wisely."]
["Angel Number 1166 is","to keep your thoughts 'heavenward' and positive, and to let go of material matters or concerns.  The focus is on emotions, family issues, the home environment and you as a person.  New energies will be entering your life which will lead to renewed enthusiasm.  The","are sending you positive energy and balance so that you are able to stay focused on your path."]
["Angel Number 1166 asks you to let go of and release any material concerns or worries and focus on your true desires, passions and",".  With",", expect","to enter your material world, which will permeate through the other realms of your life."]
"Angel Number 1166 encourages diplomacy, negotiation, compassion and co-operation.  To heal a negative situation, view the other side of the situation with open eyes and an open heart."
["Number 1166 relates to","(1+1+6+6=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"Also see:"
["(",",",", 161,","etc)"]
"Angel Number 16"
"Angel Number 116"
"Angel Number 166"
