["Number 1291 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, doubling its influences) and the energies of number 2 and number 9.  Number 1 lends its vibrations of new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving for success, attainment and happiness.","tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its vibrations of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and","and",".","relates to","and humanitarianism,",", service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example, altruism and benevolence, and endings and conclusions.  Number 9 also relates to the",", the concept of","and the","."]
["Angel Number 1291 is","to trust the messages you are receiving intuitively as they are guiding you towards serving and fulfilling your true Divine","and",".  Your angels encourage and support you along your path and urge you forward with love.  Trust that you have all that you need to walk your path with confidence and self-belief.  Trust the","and your own intuition and","."]
["Angel Number 1291 may be indicating that if you feel inclined to pursue",", now is a most auspicious time to do so.  It is time to","and use them to benefit yourself and others in a","capacity."]
"Angel Number 1291 also suggests that if you have misplaced or lost something in your life, the Universe is"
"something positive for you to take its’ place.  This may also relate to a situation, relationship or circumstance that may be coming to an end.  Trust that wonderful new beginnings and/or directions are indicated for you."
"Angel Number 1291 encourages you to try something new and get excited about your life.  Stretch yourself beyond what you think you can do and learn new skills that will help you in other areas of your life.  Let your light shine brightly ..."
["Number 1291 relates to","(1+2+9+1=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
