["Number 1145 is a blend of the energies of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the vibrations of number 4 and number 5.","brings its attributes of new beginnings and starting new projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, tenacity, ambition and will power.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 1 appearing twice together relates to the"
".  The karmic number 11 resonates with the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to"
"connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and serve our"
"and"
"."
"relates to building solid foundations, hard work and effort, stability and practicality, system and order, dependability, our passion and drive, and achieving success.  Number 4 relates to working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations."
"encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom, life changes and"
", variety, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation, activity and progress.  Number 1145 is a number of well-earned life-changes, life lessons learned through experience, personal freedom and achieving goals."
["Angel Number 1145 is","that some changes are coming that have been brought about through your","and positive and optimistic thought-patterns.  Through hard work and effort you have earned your just rewards.  Expect great things and","and appreciative of them when they arrive in your life.  Keep","for guidance and support through these changes."]
"Angel Number 1145 asks you to put your efforts towards the things in your life that embrace and enhance who you truly are, your lifestyle choices and your life in general.  Be prepared to make necessary changes that will bring about auspicious new opportunities that will advance you along your path.  Trust that these changes will bring ‘better’ into your life in all ways."
["Angel Number 1145 may also suggest that it is a good time to give birth to new ideas and situations in your life, safe in the knowledge that the","are guiding, protecting and watching over you during these changes."]
["Angel Number 1145 indicates that the","are with you, giving you courage to make life changes that will help you achieve and","."]
["Number 1145 also relates to the karmic","(1+1+4+5=11) and","."]
