["Number 1878 is a blend of the energies of number 1, the vibrations of the powerful number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 7.","relates to independence and uniqueness, creation and new beginnings, originality and initiative, inspiration and insight, motivation and striving forward. Number 1 also tells you that","with your thoughts, beliefs, intentions and actions.","resonates with",", personal power and authority, business acumen,",", discernment and good judgement, a desire for peace and a love of humanity, giving and receiving, the concept of","and the",".","brings its influences of",",","and",", mysticism  and the esoteric, compassion,","and",", education, study and learning, understanding others and deeper knowledge."]
["Angel Number 1878 is an auspicious sign of",", achieving success, positive progress and",". The visions, thoughts and ideas you have been experiencing have been Divinely inspired, and your","prompt you to take positive action in the direction of your ideas and desires."]
["If you are feeling inclined to begin (or expand) a",", or heart-based profession and/or career, Angel Number 1878 may be indicating that it is a most auspicious time to pursue these goals. Trust that with the new beginnings and pioneering aspects of number 1, combined with the spirituality and good fortune of number 7, blended with the business acumen and good judgement of number 8 reassures you that you will find success in your endeavours. You will benefit yourself, those whom you teach/heal/inspire and the world at large."]
["Angel Number 1878 brings a message that your finances and monetary needs will be met as you focus on following your inner-guidance. You have the abilities to","all that you require and desire into your life, so maintain a","to ensure that you continue manifesting ‘good’ on all levels. Trust your",", intuition and","to steer you towards suitable career and",".  And with an increase to your prosperity, be mindful that the more you have, the more you have to share with others. Trust your own judgement and use your riches wisely."]
"Believe that you have all the inner-strength and knowledge to make your dreams manifest into your reality."
["Number 1878 relates to","(1+8+7+8=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
