["Number 1911 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 1 appearing three times, tripling is influences, plus the energies of number 9.","relates to","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions, and brings positivity, ideas, motivation, striving forward and progress, strength and self-reliance, tenacity, ambition, self-leadership and assertiveness, creation and new beginnings. Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones.","resonates with leading by positive example, philanthropy and humanitarianism,",", generosity and benevolence, strength of character, responsibility, the",", the concept of","and","and conclusions and endings."]
["Number 1911 is a ‘humanitarian’ vibration and you are encouraged to look to how you are able to be of service to humanity through",". A new door of opportunity has opened up for you as a product of your positive thoughts, intentions and actions, and you are encouraged  to make the most of this opportunity and walk forward with confidence and surety, knowing that you are fulfilling your karmic destiny. Your courage, initiative and action will be of great value  -  for yourself and others."]
["Angel Number 1911 can also suggests that your goals are almost complete, and/or that you are coming to the end of a phase or cycle in your life. Do not allow yourself to keep going over the same old ground as this will keep you stuck in a rut. Have the courage to make the",", take the action and make the changes to get yourself out of a sticky situation or uncomfortable circumstance. Bring an end to things that need closure. Make yourself a priority and put yourself first and foremost. You have the power to steer the course of your own life."]
["Angel Number 1911 suggests that your",", ideas, thoughts and","have created wonderful opportunities for you to take advantage of. These are steps along your Divine life path, and your","urge you to take up the challenges.  Shed a positive light on all in your life and beyond."]
["Number 1911 relates to","(1+9+1+1=12, 1+2+3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
