"Number 1946 is a compilation of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 9, and the attributes and qualities of number 4 and number 6."
"Number 1"
["promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and will power. Number 1 reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones in order to pursue our passions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with humanitarianism and serving your","as a",", the concepts of","and",", and the",", altruism and benevolence, non-conformity,","and leading others by positive example. Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."]
"Number 4"
["brings the energies of working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the energy of the","."]
"Number 6"
["relates to home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing, overcoming obstacles and problem-solving.","Angel Number 1946 encourages you to put your efforts, energy and focus towards serving your",", and you are being helped and","in regards to the next steps to take along your path. Give the","any worries or concerns you may have and allow them to alleviate your fears and heal and transmute them. Trust that as you work for the highest good for yourself and others you automatically","your good. Be open to receiving help and assistance (of all kinds) that will sustain and maintain you along your path. The angels give you courage and clarity about your","destiny and any issues or hinderances will be solved and obstacles overcome.","Your home is a reflection of you and your life, therefore make it a place that reflects the highest and best of yourself. Angel Number 1946 brings","to take the time and effort to bring more love and light into your home environment to make it a place of comfort, peace and respite.","by making sure it is clean and has not stagnant or stale energies, and make sure that you have vibrant","and displays of natural beauty (eg landscapes, children, animals etc) as they emit positive energies and light. You can also","to further welcome the angels into your home.","When you know who you want to be, what you want to do and where you want to be, then take action in that direction, you are coming from a place of self-love and are being true to yourself."]
["Number 1946 relates to","(1+9+4+6=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
