["Number 1349 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 and number 3, and the energies of number 4 and number 9.","relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and promotes creation, new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and progress, initiative, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress.","resonates with the energies of self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase.  Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the",".  It indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked.  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","relates to working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations. It tells of hard work and effort, building solid foundations, stability and practicality, system and order, dependability, honesty and integrity, and our passion and drive.  Number 4 also resonates with the",".","resonates with","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, leadership and leading by positive example,","and","and your",".  Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1349 is a reminder that as you put your will and effort towards living your personal truths and serving as a positive example for others, you automatically manifest positive energies, love, abundance and plenty into your life.  The work you do on a daily basis is having long-term benefits for yourself and others, and the","encourage you to continue on your current path."]
["Angel Number 1349 is","about your","and",", which involves living your life as a positive example for others to follow, and teaching others compassion, empathy and humanitarianism.  Use your interests and passions as a way to teach and serve others, and trust that you possess all the necessary skills, talents and abilities you need to carry out your","."]
["Release out-moded negative thoughts, ideas and beliefs that do not support or nourish you.",", embrace your blessings, and put your lightworking abilities and talents to good use. The angels encourage you to be a shining example of wellbeing on all levels."]
["Number 1349 relates to","(1+3+4+9=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
