"Number 984 is a combination of the influences and attributes of number 9 and number 8, and the vibrations of number 4."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
["resonates with giving and receiving,",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, management, self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, insight and intelligence, the concept of",", the","."]
["relates to honesty and integrity, hard work and responsibility, discipline, traditional values, effort, practicality and application, structure, stability and endurance, conscientiousness, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 984 brings a message to set your goals with clear intentions, but remain open to adjusting your goals when necessary and go with the flow of what feel right to you. Set your intentions, but know that at any time you have the free-will to change your mind as you see fit."
["Angel Number 984 brings","that the guidance you have been receiving through your intuitive thoughts, feelings and visions are directly connected to your",", and your","ask that you trust these messages and promptings and take positive action as guided."]
["You may be feeling prompted to be of service to others and humanity in general. If you are considering taking up a","or service-based venture or service, Angel N"]
["umber 984 is an indication that now is the ideal time to begin. The","support and guide you as you focus your energies on your"]
"as a"
[". You are on the right path in all ways in your life, and the","urge you to continue with enthusiasm and passion as you are teaching others by serving as a positive example. Only you can fulfill your"]
"so have faith and trust that you have all the abilities, skills and talents you need to fulfill your"
"destiny."
"Angel Number 984 may also be an indication that some situations and circumstances may be coming to a close or end in your life so that new opportunities may arise for you to take advantage of for your long-term benefit, and for the betterment of others."
["Number 984 relates to","(9+8+4=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
