"Number 719 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 7, the energies of number 1, and the attributes of number 9."
["is the number of inner-knowing and understanding others,",", compassion, study, learning and education, deep contemplation,","and",", dignity and refinement."]
["promotes striving forward and pursuing goals, instinct and intuition, ambition and tenacity, initiative, changes, inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and starting afresh. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"resonates"
["with the",", a higher perspective, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, leading life as a positive example for others, strength of character, philanthropy and humanitarianism, and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 719 is a message to maintain positive thoughts and optimistic expectations to do with your","and",". Your","talents, skills and abilities are much needed by the world at this time, and only you are qualified to fulfill your soul purpose and destiny. Give any fears or anxieties to the","for healing and transmutation, and get on with your","with confidence and enthusiasm."]
["Angel Number 719 is a message to listen to your intuition and the","in regards to the next steps on your spiritual path. Trust that you are in the right place at the right time, and your soul is urging you to shine your light in order to illuminate the way for others to follow. Live your life as a positive example to others."]
"Angel Number 719 can also indicate that a major phase or cycle, situation or circumstance in your life has come to completion and this has brought closure to projects, associations and/or ways of being and doing. If you wish to be rid of something in your life, thank it for its service to you, bless it with love, then release it and let it go. Let go of the life you don’t want, and begin to live the life you do want."
"Number 719 relates to number 8 (7+1+9=17, 1+7=8) and Angel Number 8."
"*"
"Joanne Walmsley"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energies of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
