"Number 2494 is a combination of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of number 9."
"Number 2"
["resonates with service and duty, balance and harmony, grace and devotion, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and fulfilling your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["brings its vibrations of determination to achieve goals, practicality and application, conviction and will, hard work and maintenance, responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
"Number 9"
["relates to the",", strength of character, and a higher perspective, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving humanity, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","Angel Number 2494 indicates that a project or cycle is ending and you are asked to look to your achievements and successes as this will show you how far you have come, giving you the confidence to look forward to the next steps upon your path. Be aware of the energies around you and if you feel that something is not quite right, it probably isn’t. Listen to your intuitive radar and go with what positively serves you and what does not, then take action. Trust yourself and take responsibility for the","you make. Take the","from the experiences and use them to your future advantage.","Angel Number 2494 suggests that you have been receiving intuitive and","about your","and",". You may feel prompted to be of service to others and humanity as a whole in whatever way suits you best. Nurture your most positive attributes and bring them to the forefront to be used for the benefit of yourself and others. Trust that you have all the skills and talents you need to fulfil your","mission as only you can fulfil your spiritual destiny.","By paying attention and heightening your awareness you become more in-touch with the deepest parts of yourself and the powerfully beautiful light within you."]
["Number 2494 relates to","(2+4+9+4=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
