["Number 2504 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+5+4=11, 1+1=2)."]
"Number 2504 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 5, and the vibrations and influences of number 0 and number 4."
"Number 2"
["brings its vibrations of finding balance and harmony, faith and trust, grace and devotion, encouragement and support, partnerships and relationships, and serving your","and","."]
"Number 5"
["resonates with making","and important changes,","learned through experience, progress, curiosity and adventure, motivation and auspicious opportunities."]
"Number 0"
["relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness,  wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
"Number 4"
["brings its vibrations of working steadily towards goals and aspirations, practicality and patience, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the",".","Angel Number 2504 brings a reminder from your","to have faith and trust in yourself, your","and who you are within. Listen to your intuition and take the steps necessary to bring about much needed changes in your life, and ask the","to help you with any adjustments and transitions you may go through. Go with the flow of the changes in your life and maintain a","and mind-set as this will","and transform your ideas, dreams and aspirations into physical reality.","Angel Number 2504 encourages you to learn the lessons that patience brings. Practice patience. Be patient with yourself first and foremost, then extend that patience to others in your life. Patience is an important step towards spiritual growth and is the key to learning many",". Show patience and remember that everything happens at the perfect time. Trust that your patience and hard work will be rewarded. What you want is worth working towards and waiting for.","Release any self-doubts or fears and allow the","to bolster and increase your self-confidence, self-esteem and love for yourself so that you can share those attributes with others."]
