["Number 2143 relates to","(2+1+4+3=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"Number 2143 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and influences of number 4 and number 3."
"Number 2"
["imbues its vibrations of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation, relationships and partnerships. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and"]
"soul mission"
"."
"Number 1"
"brings with it the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach. It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress and tells us that we create our own experiences with our intentions, thoughts and beliefs."
"Number 4"
["relates to working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, patience, system and order, establishing solid foundations, enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
"Number 3"
["resonates with growth, expansion and the principles of increase, creativity,",", spontaneity, broad-minded thinking, self-expression and communication, encouragement and assistance, talents and skills. Number 3 also indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked.","Angel Number 2143 resonates with the",",","and","and brings a message that your hard work, efforts and determination are reaping rewards and you are being blessed with the fruits of your labours in both seen and unseen ways. You have achieved a great deal in many aspects of your life, and the","are commending you for your efforts and encouraging you to keep up the good work. You have earned the right to expect positive results and outcomes to situations and circumstances in your life.","Angel Number 2143 tells you that when you use your creative communication skills and talents as well as your practical work ethics and natural ambition, you will find that all will run according to your plans. It is important to stay positive and hold a clear vision of your desires and intentions and","that you have already achieved or exceeded your dream/s.","The","are overseeing and guiding you towards new opportunities, auspicious circumstances and positive life changes. Maintaining a"]
"positive attitude"
["and mind-set will","and transform your ideas, dreams and aspirations into physical reality."]
