"Number 978 is a combination of the attributes and vibrations of number 9 and number 7, and the influences of number 8."
["resonates with the",", a higher perspective, influence, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, leading life as a positive example for others, strength of character, philanthropy and humanitarianism, and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["relates to","and",", mysticism and the esoteric,","and",", emotions and feelings, contemplation and introspection, seeking knowledge, study, education and learning, understanding the self and others."]
["is the number of self-confidence, personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, reality, dependability and self-reliance, and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["Angel Number 978 brings","telling you that as you toil upon your life path and","you will successfully","along the way. The","encourage, support and applaud your efforts and commend you for your commitment and determination to succeed and achieve."]
["Angel Number 978 encourages you to continue on your current path as all is going in the right direction. You have been putting your efforts, abilities and talents towards achieving your goals and serving your","and this will bring you long-term success, fulfilment and happiness. Trust the","as they walk beside you every step of the way, and know that your diligence and devotion to your personal spirituality will","all that you need in your life."]
"Look to ways of expanding and expressing your values, principles and inner-truths and you may find that others will follow your lead. Express your uniqueness and shine your light to see a brighter world."
["Angel Number 978 may also be a prompt to begin a","or service-based venture or project in order to fully serve your","as a",". Trust that you will be fully supported by the angelic and spiritual realms in whatever path you choose to express your best and highest self and be of service to others."]
["Number 978 relates to","(9+7+8=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
