["Number 1209 is a combination of the influences of number 1 coupled with the attributes and energies of number 2, number 0 and number 9.","brings courage, progress, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, finding success and personal fulfilment.  Number 1 also tells us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, duality, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and","and",".","amplifies and magnifies the energies of the numbers it appears with making them more powerful and influential.  Number 0 a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.","resonates with",", problem solving, leading by positive example, philanthropy and humanitarianism, generosity and benevolence. Number 9 also resonates with the",",","and the",". Number 1209 is a ‘humanitarian’ vibration and your angels ask that you to look to how you can be of service to humanity through","."]
["Angel Number 1209 prompts you to fully live and","and",".  Trust that you have within you all the skills and talents needed to live your passion and","when you apply yourself.  You are the only one qualified to fulfill your life role, purpose and destiny.  Take assertive action related to your","and passions on a daily basis."]
["Angel Number 1209 can suggest that if you have misplaced or lost something in your life, the Universe is","something positive for you to take its’ place.  This may also relate to a situation or circumstance that may be coming to an end.  Trust that wonderful new beginnings and/or directions are ahead for you."]
["Angel Number 1209 may also be indicating that if you feel inclined to pursue",", now is a most auspicious time to do so.  It is time to","and use them to benefit yourself and others in a","capacity.  You are here for a reason  -  allow your Light to shine."]
["Number 1209 also relates to","(1+2+0+9=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
