["Number 1977 relates to","(1+9+7+7=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
"Number 1977 is made up of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 9, and the attributes of number 7 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
"Number 1"
["resonates with new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving ahead, attainment and happiness. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["promotes","and humanitarianism, service to others, high ideals, influence, leadership and leading others by positive example, and conclusions and endings. Number 9 also relates to the",", the concepts of","and",", and serving your","."]
"Number 7"
["relates to the esoteric and mystical,",",","and",", inner-knowing and understanding others, compassion,","and",", peace, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose, learning, study and education.","Angel Number 1977 may indicate that positive changes will come about due to some issues, circumstances or phases coming to an end or conclusion, making way for fresh new beginnings and ways of doing and being. Focus your thoughts and intentions on completing an important task that is close to your heart as this venture or task is an important step in your Divine life path and","and must come to an end in order to clear the way for a new opportunity to take its place.","Angel Number 1977 also tells you that you have an important","that involves communicating, teaching and healing others and serving humanity. Your intuition and inner-drive is guiding and directing you towards the next major step/s along your spiritual life path and your","encourage you to consider your true priorities and take positive action as you are having an effect on others who are following your lead. Set a positive example for others and inspire them to seek their own passion and purpose.","Pursue a line of study and/or interest that resonates with you, and see where it leads you. Once you make the commitment the Universe will bring about opportunities, synchronicities and","that will guide your way and provide for your needs. Use your newfound knowledge to enlighten and assist others, bringing benefits to all."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
