"Number 960 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 9 and number 6, and the vibrations of number 0."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["is associated with the monetary and financial aspects of life, economy, provision and providing for home and family,","and",", mediation and compromise, responsibility, nurturing, care, empathy and sympathy, solution-finding and problem-solving."]
["relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, potential and/or choice, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
"Angel Number 960 resonates with your"
"and"
"your"
"as a"
". Listen to the"
"if feeling any doubts or fears about the next steps to take, and know that they are always available to you. All you need to do is"
"."
["Angel Number 960 also encourages you to reconsider and re-define your perspectives and the bigger picture of your life. Take a good look at your true beliefs and values and find out what is real for you and what is not. Re-evaluate the process you are undergoing, and rid yourself of any fears, negative feelings or perceived barriers, and if feeling fearful about any aspect/s of your life, see them for what they are, then gather the courage to push through them. Express your own power of self-direction and trust that your choices and actions are the right ones for you. When you are on the right path, the Universe brings you signs of alignment to let you know that you are in flow with your","."]
["Angel Number 960 brings","that you are fully supported in all of your","and with your",". Make your","your main priority and continue with the great work you have been doing. Express yourself with honesty and integrity and live your life as a positive example to others."]
"Your"
"and"
"are well blessed and your"
["encourage you to keep up the great work. Know that all is going to","in your life."]
["Number 960 relates to","(9+6+0=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
