["Number 694 is a blend of the attributes and vibrations of number 6 and number 9, and the energies of number 4.","relates to home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others,","and",", care and nurturing."]
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, selflessness, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
"brings the energies of working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also relates to the energy of the"
"."
["Angel Number 694 suggests that your","fully support and encourage you to focus your will and effort towards your","and",". You are being helped and","in regards to the next steps to take along your path, so take positive action with faith, trust and self-belief. Trust that your material needs will be met as you spend time and energy devoted to your personal spirituality and","."]
["Angel Number 694 is","to pay attention to your recurring thoughts, ideas and impulses, as they are guiding you towards the next steps along your spiritual path. Release any worries or fears to the","and allow them to alleviate, heal and transmute them, and trust that any issues or hindrances will be solved and obstacles overcome. The","send you courage and clarity about your","destiny and encourage you to be open to receiving help and assistance (of all kinds) that will sustain and maintain you along your path. Trust the intuitive messages you have been receiving as they hold the answers to your prayers."]
"Your words are an expression of your inner-most convictions ... therefore choose only uplifting and positive dialogue with yourself and others and set a positive example of how to ‘be’."
["Number 694 relates to","(6+9+4=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
