"Number 1391 is a compilation of the energies of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the attributes and vibrations of number 3 and number 9."
["Number 1 encourages us to step forward in our chosen direction, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings"]
"its qualities of ambition, motivation and progress, insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment."
"resonates with growth and expansion, optimism and enthusiasm, creativity, self-expression and communication, encouragement and assistance.  Number 3 also"
["resonates with the energies of the",", who help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". The"]
["Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked and helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","relates to","and humanitarianism,"]
["service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example,",",","and the",".  Number 9 also relates to the"]
["and","."]
"Angel Number 1391 tells you to let go of any situations in your life that are no longer positively serving you.  Allow the old that no longer positively serves you to leave"
"your life and do not cling to situations out of habit or fear.  It is most important that you hold a positive viewpoint and have high expectations about yourself and your"
["future.  Our thoughts create our experiences and",", so","to help you maintain a positive outlook.  Do not allow any negative"]
"aspects to hinder or stop you.  Your angels and the Ascended Masters encourage and support you, always."
"Angel Number 1391 is a message to look forward to new opportunities in your life as they will lead you to auspicious circumstances and situations.  Trust your intuition"
"and follow accordingly as each option presents itself, knowing that they are appearing for important karmic reasons, and are in direct alignment with your"
["and","mission.  Your angels are supporting and encouraging you along your path."]
"A new acquisition or purchase is on its way into your life.  A new door has opened for you as a product of your thoughts, and you now have the opportunity to let the"
"old fall away as it is replaced with the new."
["Number 1391 relates to","(1+3+9+1=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
