"relates to the attributes and energies of peace, kindness, diplomacy, friendship, the peacemaker, gentleness, charm, insightfulness, sensitivity, team-player,"
"spirituality, harmony, co-operation, placidity, justice, selflessness, harmony, social, support, attention to detail, cooperation, decisiveness, poise, intuition, mediation,"
"adaptability, agreeable, grace, devotion, the subconscious, consideration, adaptability, flexibility, duality, the friend, artist, endurance, kind, insight, ambitious,"
"spirituality, well-mannered, intuition, cautious, emotional, loving, understanding, grace, devotion, balance, self-surrender, diplomacy, faith and trust and your"
"."
"is the vibration and energy of balance, diplomacy, sensitivity, intuition and emotion and 2 is a loving and harmonious vibration.  It is the number of tolerance,"
"endurance and consideration and the essence of the number 2 is a balance of the Yin and Yang energies (the polarities) of the Universe."
["A recurring","is a message to have faith, trust and courage as your prayers are manifesting in your life, even if it is not obvious just yet. Patience may be"]
"needed, but you may rest assured that all will turn out for the highest good."
["The essence of the","is unlimited potential of mastery in any and all areas  -  the spiritual, physical, emotional and mental.  The number 22 has to do"]
["with balance,",".  When","repeats in your life you are asked to take a balanced, harmonious and peaceful"]
"stance in all areas of your life.  The message is to keep the faith and stand strong in your personal truths."
["The message of","is that everything will turn out for the best in the long-term.  Do not put your energies into negativity – be aware that all is being"]
["working out by spirit for the highest good of all involved.  Repeating","is also reminding you to keep up the good work you are doing, as the evidence"]
"of your manifestations are coming to fruition."
"The number sequence 2222 indicates that newly planted ideas are beginning to take form and grow into reality for you.  Your manifestation will soon be evident, so"
["maintain a","and continue with your good work.  Keep holding positive thoughts, continue","and keep visualizing.  The reaping of"]
"rewards is just ahead of you."
"See also:"
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
