["Number 1138 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its energies, and the attributes of the numbers 3 and 8.","resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its energies of assistance and encouragement,"]
"communication and enthusiasm, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, broad-minded thinking, self-expression, talent and skills."
"Number 1’s appearing together relate to the karmic number 11."
"relates to the principles of"
"and"
","
"illumination, high energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves"
"is to know, live and serve our"
"and"
"."
"Number 3 suggests that the"
"are around you assisting when asked, and helping you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others.  The Masters assist with"
", and help you to find peace, clarity and love within."
"adds it vibrations of"
", self-confidence and personal"
"authority, discernment, achievement, giving and receiving,"
"and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of"
"– the"
"."
["Angel Number 1138 indicates that you are to keep listening to your","and",", and take positive action as directed.  New opportunities will soon present in regards to income, employment and/or promotions, so do not be afraid to try something different and exciting. Trust that you have all the skills and abilities necessary, and what you do not already know you will quickly learn. The","are helping you to","into your life, and you are reminded that as with the","(‘giving and receiving’) when you have plenty, you have plenty to share with others."]
["Angel Number 1138 is a message that you are",", particularly in regards to your career and earning potentials.  You are being supported by the Universal Energies and Ascended Masters and they are helping you to receive the supply of abundance that you have manifested through your thoughts, affirmations and actions.  Accept the blessings of","with","to ensure a continued flow of supply."]
"Trust that you will find success with anything that you put your personal power and energies towards."
["Number 1138 also relates to","(1+1+3+8=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
