"Number 829 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 8 and number 2, and the qualities of number 9."
["relates to practicality, personal power and authority, dependability and self-reliance,",",","and decisiveness, a desire for peace and a love of humanity, world transformation, giving and receiving and the",";","."]
["is associated with balance, harmony, duality, peace, adaptability, service to others, diplomacy, receptivity and love, charm, understanding others, mediation and co-operation, consideration, faith and trust, your",", support and encouragement."]
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, the concept of karma, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["Angel Number 829 is","to have faith and trust that you will always have enough in order to care for yourself and your loved ones. Know that you are able to confidently walk your","and serve your",", with your wants and needs being met along the way. Do not allow fears of lack or loss hinder or stop you from fulfilling your Divine duties. Trust that you will successfully","all that you will ever need."]
"Angel Number 829 can also indicate that some situations and circumstances may be coming to a close or end in your life so that new opportunities may arise for you to take advantage of for your long-term benefit, and for the betterment of others. It may be time to reconsider all of your options."
["Angel Number 829 is a message that you will be totally supported and","and the Universal Energies throughout your life. The examples you are setting by living your truths is encouraging and teaching others to follow your lead. Your","encourage you to live your life with passion and purpose and keep up your great","."]
"Opportunities to blossom are all around you. Be open to signs leading you in the right direction."
["Number 829 relates to","(8+2+9=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
