["Number 104 is made up of the energies and vibrations of the number 1, number 0 and number 4.","brings its attributes of new beginnings, ventures and projects, attainment, courage, action and ambition, motivation and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, achieving happiness and fulfilment.","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’. Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with",". Number 0 is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail. It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.","resonates with hard work and effort, building solid foundations, stability and practicality, honesty and integrity, system and order, dependability, our passion and drive, and achieving success. Number 4 relates to working"]
"determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations."
"Angel Number 104 encourages progressive change, renewal and growth and tells you to share your knowledge and wisdom with others. It also tells you that what you put your efforts towards will reap rewards in the future. If you act with caution and wisdom you will be successful in business, money matters and life in general."
"Begin worthwhile projects that will bring long-term benefits and future success."
["Angel Number 104 is","to be careful what you wish for, as you just might get it. Stay positive, optimistic and practical to ensure that you",", rather than what you don’t. Building strong foundations from well-laid plans ensures future stability, progress, and success. It asks you to put your efforts and focus towards your long-term goals and aspirations and encourages you to work with your purpose, passion and drive."]
["Angel Number 104 brings a message that you are to courageously step forward in the direction of your",", and trust that the things you require will","when needed in your life."]
["Angel Number 104 tells you that your thoughts, feelings, emotions, actions and overall outlook are being positively boosted by your","so that you can continue to","all that you want and need in your life."]
"The message of the Angel Number 104 can also be ‘careful what you wish for ....’"
["Number 104 also relates to","(1+0+4=5) and","."]
"Also see:"
"*"
