"Number 1994 is a blend of the energies of number 1, the vibrations of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 4."
"Number 1"
["relates to new beginnings, motivation and progress, inspiration, tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, achievement and success, fulfilment and omniscience. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", seeing things from a higher perspective, the concepts of","and",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["adds its vibrations of honesty and integrity, self-control, loyalty and conscientiousness, traditional values and responsibility, practicality and application, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1994 may be a prompt from your","that it is time to look to a new career and/or lifestyle. Your skills and talents are much needed by the world, and your","encourage you to follow your soul’s promptings and live your destiny with passion and purpose. If you have been considering taking up a",", profession and/or career, now is the ideal time to set the foundations for future success. Trust that you have all the necessary tools, skills and abilities to be a powerful",". Only you can fulfil your destiny."]
"Angel Number 1994 can indicate that a situation, cycle or phase is coming to an end in your life and you are encouraged to let go of anything that has now ran its course. Do not try to hold onto something that no longer positively serves you and have no fear of lack or loss. New opportunities will present to advance you along your path and you are reminded to be aware of your thoughts and choose them carefully, as negative thoughts lead to unhealthy choices, and positive thoughts lead to healthy decisions. Be a master of your thoughts, as when you are in charge, you are focused, motivated and inspired to achieve your goals and aspirations on all levels. Choose to live your life with honour and integrity, and stand up for truth and justice."
["Angel Number 1994 brings a message to use your natural","talents, abilities and interests to help the world awaken and heal, which is part of your","and",". Devote time and effort towards your natural interests and priorities and pay special attention to your intuitive feelings and","as they are sending you guidance for you to follow through with your dreams and desires to do with your spiritual path and",". Trust that you have all the skills and talents you need in order to fulfill your spiritual destiny, and trust yourself and the workings of the","and the Universe. Your love and light is much needed at this time on the Earthplane."]
["Number 1994 relates to","(1+9+9+4=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
