["Number 1061 is a combination of the energies and vibrations of number 1, number 0 and 6, with number 1 appearing twice, doubling its influences.","appears"]
"twice, makings its energies more influential.  It brings the attributes of new beginnings and striving forward, willpower, motivation and progress, self-leadership and"
["assertiveness, attainment and fulfilment, uniqueness and individuality.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"amplifies and magnifies the energies of the number/s it appears with. Number 0 resonates with the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies and resonates"
"with the vibrations of eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 is a message to do with"
".  It is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It also suggests that you listen to"
["your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, the income and financial"]
"aspects of life and providing for the self and others and responsibility. Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower and overcoming obstacles."
"Angel Number 1061 may suggest that you ask for help in repairing or readjusting something in the material world that may be hindering or bothering you and causing"
"anxiety.  This may have to do with unresolved debt or a purchase or attainment of something of importance that you are unable to afford at present.  It may also be"
"pertaining to a fear of loss. The angels ask you not to be disheartened but to maintain a positive frame of mind, as they are working hard behind the scenes to fulfill your"
"needs.  You are asked to remain receptive of the gifts of the Universe."
["Angel Number 1061 is a message that your material needs are manifested by your",", expectations and actions.  Keep your focus on your highest goals and"]
"aspirations when the Angel Number 1061 appears repeatedly, and keep a positive and optimistic mind-set.  When you have high expectations, and"
["them, it assists with","into your life. Your angels urge you to keep up with the great effort you have put in."]
"Angel Number 1061 may also be suggesting that a new relationship is imminent, either with a newcomer, or through reignited love in your existing relationship/s.  Be"
"open to giving and receiving love.  Do not fear the ‘new’."
["Number 1061 relates to","(1+0+6+1=8) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 160"
"Angel Number 161"
