["Angel Number 1718 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of the mystical number 7 and the powerful number 8.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, promotes changes, new beginnings and starting afresh.  Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with the energies of learning and research,",",","and",", inner-knowing, intuition and",", understanding others,","and compassion.","relates to",", business and material acumen, personal power and authority, good judgement and dependability, a desire for peace and a love of humanity,","and",", and the","."]
["Angel Number 1718 tells you that your thoughts, beliefs and expectations have manifested as an increased flow of abundance into your life. The ideas and visions you have been experiencing have been Divinely inspired and your","prompt you to take positive action in the direction of your ideas as these are important aspects of your","and",". Your","urge you to keep up the positive energies and expect further prosperity, fulfilment and happiness. You are reminded that an","of","will speed the process of your manifestations, so remember to be thankful for all that the Universe provides."]
["Angel Number 1718 indicates that there is some important work to be done that only you can accomplish and fulfill. If you are feeling inclined to begin (or expand)",", or a new hobby, past-time or course of study, Angel Number 1718 may be indicating that it is a most auspicious time to pursue these goals. Put considered thought and effort into all that you do and use good judgement and discernment to ensure that you achieve the success that you desire and deserve. The power is within you and determination knows no bounds. Recognise your strengths, build upon them, and use them wisely. Know that you will benefit yourself, those whom you teach/heal/inspire, and the world in general."]
["Your","is the Divine plan for the soul. Your","is your reason for being  -  your duty is to be who you truly are and to fulfil your true potential."]
["Number 1718 relates to","(1+7+1+8=17, 1+7=8) and"]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
