["Number 1423 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 2 and number 3.","brings with it the attributes of initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and taking a fresh approach.  It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with honesty and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, inner-wisdom, and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and with the energies of the",".  Number 3 indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. They help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".","resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, joy and optimism.","imbues balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and our","and","."]
"Angel Number 1423 suggests that if you act with wisdom you will find success in business and money matters and in life in general.  The timing is right to begin worthwhile projects that will bring long-term benefits and future success.  A happy outcome follows your positive expectations."
["Angel Number 1423 is a message to pay particular attention to your dreams, daydreams, visions, recurring thoughts and feelings.  Take time out to",", connect and communicate with the angelic and spiritual realms to find balance and clarity. The","are sending you Divine guidance regarding your life path and purpose and ask that you take action as directed.  You can rely upon the angels to assist you with","as you continue to devote yourself to",".  Trust that all is going to Divine plan in your life."]
"Angel Number 1423 encourages you to put some extra focus and effort towards your creative endeavours.  If you have been considering a new direction or beginning a new project or venture, now would be a most auspicious time to make that choice.  Trust that the work you do today will bring benefits to your life in the future."
"Angel Number 1423 also encourages you to look at your current home and lifestyle and consider ways to uplift your environment in order to usher in more positive energies.  Do not be afraid to express yourself with joy, optimism and creativity.  Add beauty to your environment and everyday life and give others the opportunity to be inspired by your example."
["Number 1423 relates to","(1+4+2+3=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
