["resonates with the vibrations and energies of hard work, security, practicality, productivity, appreciation, tradition, solid foundations, security-consciousness, self-control, loyalty, conscientiousness, high morals and ethics, traditional values, honesty, strong-willed, conservative, application, determination, the serious builder, progress, the doer, management, realistic values, stability, wholeness, unity, ability, justice, goal-orientated, system, order, organization and exactitude, honesty and integrity, endurance, mastery, responsibility,",", maintenance, construction, seriousness, discipline, dependability, conviction, self-discipline through work and service, your passion and drive."]
"represents the four elements of Air, Fire, Water and Earth, and the four sacred directions, North, South, East and West."
["The","symbolizes the principle of putting ideas into form and it signifies work and productivity. The essence of the number 4 is security, diligent work and strong foundations. It is constructive, realistic, traditional and cautious and is the number of system, order and management.  This vibration is to do with energy, harmony and co-operation and it is the door to illumination and/or initiation."]
["When","consistently appears it indicates that your angels are all around you and with you.  The angels are offering you support and inner-strength to enable you to get the necessary work done. They understand that you are toiling towards your goals and aspirations and the","ask that you","and the emotions of love and security."]
["The repeating","sequence indicates that the angels are surrounding you at this time, loving and supporting you.  You have a very","and are asked to use it to your advantage, and for the benefit of others."]
["The message of the","sequence is that you have nothing to fear … all is as it should be, and all is well.  Things that you have been working on or with will be successful. Repeating","is an indication that you are being surrounded by angels who love and support you and their help is close at hand, always."]
["When the number sequence 4444 appears repeatedly, it is an indication that you are surrounded by your angels.  The angels are at your side to reassure you of their presence, love and help.","are watching out for you and supporting you in your work and day to day life. They encourage you to continue working towards your goals and aspirations as success and achievement are ahead of you.  Angel Number 4444 is a message that help is nearby and all you need to do is ask for","."]
"See also:"
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
["Live","Online with Joanne"]
