["Number 1658 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and influences of number 5 and number 8.","relates"]
"to progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, initiative, instinct and inspiration, finding success and"
["personal fulfilment.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its energies of love of home and"]
"family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with"
["personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles.","brings its influences of making","and important changes,"]
["adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism, promotions and advancements, and learning","through experience. Number 5 also"]
["relates to doing things your own way.","resonates with",", personal power and authority, a desire for peace and a love of humanity"]
["and world transformation, discernment, achievement,",", giving and receiving and the","–","."]
"Angel Number 1658 encourages you to abandon old habits and take up positive new ones.  A new project, job opportunity or promotion may be in the offing which will"
["garner financial gains and rewards.","with our thoughts, beliefs, intentions and actions, so use your personal strengths, a","and"]
["progressive action in order to reap rewards of all kinds in your life. The","support you in your efforts and tell you that you are worthy of ‘better’ in your life and it"]
"is up to you to achieve it and appreciate it."
"Angel Number 1658 resonates with reaping karmic rewards due to the changes you have made or are considering. You have worked hard to achieve your goals and now"
"is the time to reap your well-earned rewards.  Many blessings of all kinds have manifested to aid and assist you along your path and to help you fulfill your"
", and these rewards are well-deserved. Have no fears or worries about your finances and/or monetary situation as all of your needs will be met.  Enjoy and"
"for your blessings, and as with the law of giving and receiving, share your plenty with others."
"Angel Number 1658 tells you that making changes in regards to how you derive and/or earn an income will ensure future material and monetary success. This may"
"involve changing your career, a promotion or new opportunities to expand your own business ideas. If you have been receiving intuitive messages, prompts and urges to"
["begin your own",", or any career where you are utilizing your natural skills and talents, now is a great time to make a start.  Invest in"]
"yourself and your well-being to ensure that you are functioning at your optimum in all ways in your life."
"Stand strong in your own power and make positive decisions for yourself and your loved ones."
["Number 1658 relates to","(1+6+5+8=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
