["Number 1201 is comprised of the number 1 vibrations (appearing twice, amplifying its energies) and the vibrations of number 2 and number 0.","resonates with creativity and creation, manifestation and attainment, new beginnings, motivation and progress, self-reliance, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration.  It also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone.","lends it energies of balance, healing, devotion and grace.  It carries the vibrations of duality, diplomacy and adaptability, partnership and relationships, sensitivity and selflessness.  Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and","and",".","carries the vibrations of the ‘God’ force and Universal Energies (or Source), and stands for potential and/or choice.  It also relates to","as it is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  Number 0 suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 amplifies and magnifies the energies of the numbers it appears with. The ‘go-getting’ number 1 blended with the ‘sensitive’ number 2 and the spiritual number 0 makes the number 1201 a balanced number that encourages you to","and soul path."]
["Angel Number 1201 tells you not to be hindered by old habits that are out-dated and that no longer positively serve you.  Angel Number 1201 tells you to look to new experiences with optimism, and trust that they will bring about favourable and positive effects and wonderful new opportunities.  A","helps with achieving goals and aspirations, and allows for the ‘old’ to be replaced with the ‘new’.","now."]
["Angel Number 1201 encourages you to stay positive and maintain faith and trust in your angels and the Universal Energies as your feelings, beliefs and thoughts will","into your reality.  Keep your focus on your desires, positive expectations and outcomes, and that is what you will receive in return.  Give any fears or doubts to your angels for transmutation and healing, and take action in the direction of your desires."]
["Angel Number 1201 is","to ensure that what you put out to the Universe is of a positive nature.  You are asked to stay on a positive path and to use your natural skills, talents and abilities to their utmost for the benefit of yourself and others."]
["When Angel Number 1201 appears","may also be telling you to look to different ways to enhance your home, garden and surrounds. This includes matters within the house and family arena.  Make some simple changes and upgrades and use","to usher in positive energies and to maintain balance and harmony within the home.  The angels encourage you to surround yourself with love, beauty and gaiety."]
["Number 1201 also relates to","(1+2+0+1=4) and","."]
