["Number 1623 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the attributes and influences of number 2 and number 3.","promotes new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and taking action, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and initiative, instinct and intuition.  Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service and domesticity, home and family, love and nurturing, the ability to compromise, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles.","adds its vibrations of service and balance, encouragement, faith and trust, insightfulness, gentleness and kindness, relationships and partnerships, devotion and",".","brings its attributes of joy and creativity, confidence and optimism, enthusiasm,",", growth and self expression.  Number 3 also resonates with the",", who help you to find clarity and focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","."]
["Angel Number 1623 is","to release and surrender any fears you may be feeling and give them to the","for healing and transmutation. The energies of fear, worry and anxiety are negative and repel the vibrations that","and auspicious circumstances. Therefore, keep your attitude positive and optimistic and have high expectations as this will ensure a continuous supply to provide for yourself and your loved ones."]
["Angel Number 1623 is a message that you are to find a balance between your work life, leisure and rest times. Relaxing and making time to","and connect and communicate with the angels assists with","and outcomes. Stay focused upon your","and trust that the angels surround, encourage and support you. Stay open to","."]
["You are being encouraged, supported and guided by your angels and they ask that you have faith and trust, and know that you are well loved and protected in all ways.  Keep a","and mind-set and allow miracles to happen in your life. Use","daily, and over time you will begin to see your life turn in new directions and you will reap wonderful rewards on all levels. Accept with joy and pleasure all the ‘good’ that life offers you."]
"Shift your mind away from any negative thoughts and focus on attracting better experiences and circumstances into your life."
["Number 1623 relates to","(1+6+2+3=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
