["Number 1294 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 2, and the vibrations of number 9 and number 4.","brings courage, progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, initiative, instinct and inspiration, finding success and personal fulfilment.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its attributes of balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, encouragement, faith and trust and",".","adds its influences of leading by positive example, discretion, brilliance,","and serving humanity,","and the",".  Number 9 also relates to endings, closures and conclusions.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1294 encourages you to focus your will and effort towards",".  Trust that your material needs will be met as you spend time and energy devoted to your","and",". Trust that you have all the skills, talents and abilities to overcome any obstacles and achieve your highest aspirations. You are being helped and","in regards to the next steps to take along your path, so take positive action with faith, trust and self-belief."]
"Angel Number 1294 asks that you find a comfortable balance between your work, home/family and spiritual lives as they are all of equal significance.  Trust that the hard work and effort you have put towards achieving your goals and aspirations will pay off for you, today and in the future."
"Angel Number 1294 also encourages you to set things in motion with system and order so that you can achieve your goals and aspirations. You are asked to show patience and remember that everything happens at the perfect time. What you want is worth working towards and waiting for. Trust that your patience and hard work will be rewarded."
["Number 1294 relates to","(1+2+9+4=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
