"Angel Number 1042 is a blend of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 0, and the energies and values of number 4 and number 2."
"promotes new beginnings, ambition and"
["motivation, striving forward and progress, and will power, self-leadership and assertiveness. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts,"]
"beliefs and actions."
"adds its influential"
"energies of magnifying the vibrations of the numbers it appears with and"
"is the number of the Universal Energies/Source, the beginning point, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, developing one’s spiritual aspects and connecting with the Higher-self, and denotes freedom from limitations."
"resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity,"
["practicality, system and order, establishing solid foundations, enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to our passion, purpose and drive, and the energies of the","."]
"carries the vibrations of duality and finding balance and harmony,"
["partnership and relationships, diplomacy and adaptability, sensitivity and selflessness. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and your Divine","and"]
"."
"Angel Number 1042 suggests that if you are going through a difficult situation or circumstance at the moment, believe that all will work out for your highest good."
"Maintain faith and trust and expect good outcomes"
"as using"
"and maintaining optimistic thoughts and intentions has helped you to have a clear connection with your"
"and the angelic realm."
"Use your natural diplomatic abilities and communication skills to overcome any perceived obstacles and challenges, and remember that they present in your life as tests for you to pass."
"Have faith and trust that your"
"have heard you and surround you with love, light and support."
"Angel Number 1042 encourages you to t"
"ake balanced, well-considered steps and keep your focus on positive results and outcomes. Rely upon your intuition and inner-knowing as they will always let you know when you are on the right path."
"Angel Number 1042 also tells you that you can ask for extra help and assistance with a long-term project or new venture you may be considering. Be aware of opportunities"
"presenting in your life and trust that they are taking place for good reason. Take up these opportunities with faith that they are appearing for your betterment and will"
"help you to achieve long-term success."
["Number 1042 relates to","(1+0+4+2=7) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 142"
