["Number 2045 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+0+4+5=11, 1+1=2)."]
"Number 2045 brings together the vibrations and influences of number 2 and number 0, and the attributes and energies of number 4 and number 5."
"Number 2"
["relates to duality, balance and harmony, mediation and co-operation, service to others, grace and selflessness, flexibility, encouragement and support, faith and trust and your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["relates to the God force/Universal energies, eternity, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice and with",". Number 0 also amplifies and magnifies any number it appears with."]
"Number 4"
["indicates hard work and building solid foundations, effort and application, devotion, practicality, honesty and integrity, endurance and determination, stability and ability, and our passion and drive in life.  Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
"Number 5"
["resonates with auspicious new opportunities,","and important changes, life lessons learned through experience, individualism, free-will and personal freedom, promotion and progress.","Angel Number 2045 brings a message of encouragement and confirmation that the changes you are experiencing (or contemplating) are the right ones for you and are an important step along your spiritual journey and life path. These changes may seem a little daunting at first, but trust that your","are overseeing and guiding you towards new opportunities and auspicious circumstances that will be of long-term benefit. The","support and encourage you to step fully into this new phase with confidence and self-belief.","Angel Number 2045 brings a reminder from your angels to have faith and trust in yourself, your choices and who you are within. Listen to your intuition and take the steps necessary to bring about much needed changes in your life, and","to help you with any adjustments and transitions you may go through. Go with the flow of the changes in your life and maintain a","and mind-set as this will","and transform your ideas, dreams and aspirations into physical reality.","Do not allow a fear of failure (or success) to hold you back from pursuing your goals, dreams and aspirations. All experiences are opportunities to learn and grow, so any perceived failures serve to teach us",". In this respect, there are no failures, only life experiences to learn from."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
