["Number 1838 is a blend of the energies of number 1, the vibrations of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 3.","relates to courage, progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, initiative, instinct and inspiration, and","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its energies of personal power and authority,","and self-assurance, business acumen, truth and good judgement,","material freedom and",", dependability and self-confidence. Number 8 is also the number of","and the","(Cause and Effect).","promotes growth, expansion and the principles of increase, self-expression and self-confidence, creativity, freedom-seeking, adventure, exuberance, brilliance, joy and optimism. Number 3 also relates to the","who help you to find peace, clarity and love within."]
"Angel Number 1838 is a powerful message telling of achievements, success, striving forward, progress and attainment, and encourages you to stay optimistic and listen to your intuition as you hold positive expectations about your life path."
["Angel Number 1838 encourages you to listen to your own","and","and take positive action as directed. There may be some new opportunities that present to you in regards to income, employment and/or promotion, so do not be afraid to try something different and exciting. Trust that you have all the skills and abilities you will need, and what you don’t already know you will learn quickly."]
"Angel Number 1838 encourages you to use your personal creativity in constructive and productive ways, and put your natural skills, abilities and talents to work to achieve your heart’s desires. Try new ways of doing things and/or take on projects that genuinely interest and engage you. Trust that you will find success in your chosen endeavours."
["Angel Number 1838 indicates that your strong connection with the angelic realm has opened you to the flow of",". Trust that you will have all that you want, need and deserve in whatever way is for your highest good."]
["Number 1838 relates to","(1+8+3+8=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
