"Number 1412 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations and qualities of number 4 and"
["number 2.","contributes its influences of optimism, intuition and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, motivation and activity, new beginnings and"]
["starting afresh, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our intentions, beliefs, thoughts and actions."]
"resonates with patience, willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, building solid foundations and working diligently towards"
["achieving goals.  Number 4 also relates to the",".","brings balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, adaptability,"]
["diplomacy and co-operation.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and","."]
["Angel Number 1412 is","that they are currently assisting you with keeping your thoughts light and positive.  As"]
["with our beliefs, thoughts, intentions and actions, the angels want you to maintain a","about the work you have done and that ahead of you.  You may have"]
"to put some hard work and effort towards a new project, venture or important life-change, but they will be of long-term benefit to yourself and your loved ones.  Trust"
"that the work and effort you have put in towards achieving your goals and aspirations will be well worth your while and you will find long-term success and personal"
"fulfilment. Trust that you will achieve success with all that you put your will and effort towards."
["Angel Number 1412 is a message that the hard work and effort you have put towards","e has been acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual"]
"realms and you have manifested your well-earned rewards.  Be open to receiving and accepting your ‘good’, which may appear in the form of new opportunities, new"
"projects and ideas and starting afresh.  Have faith in yourself, your ideas and your intuition, and stay focused upon your desired outcomes.  Follow your intuition and"
["maintain a","and a love of life.  If feeling any fear or doubt, simply","and support."]
"When you can clarify what you really want for yourself and keep that desire in focus, you will receive what you seek."
["Number 1412 relates to","(1+4+1+2=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
