["Number 1655 is a compilation of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 6, and the attributes of number 5 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","resonates with creation and new beginnings, striving towards achieving goals, trying new things, self-reliance and determination, intuition and initiative.  Number 1 tells us that","with our actions, thoughts and beliefs.","adds its attributes of the material aspects of life, home, family and domesticity, compromise, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, and providing for the self and others.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, finding solutions and overcoming obstacles.","brings important life changes and auspicious new opportunities, making","and decisions and learning","through experience, magnetism, competitiveness, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility, individuality and doing things your own way."]
["Angel Number 1655 prompts you to bring some fresh, new energies into your home and family environment, and/or start a project related to something that you are truly interested in. You can also expect some positive new additions to your home and/or family life and/or some great news coming your way.  As you live your life true to your own values and personal","the","and Universal Energies will ensure that all of your needs are taken care of leaving you free to pursue the course of action that takes you closer to living your personal truths."]
["Angel Number 1655 indicates that your angels  support you in every way as you make positive changes to your career/ employment, home/residence or relationship issue/s.  You know which changes need to be made, and it is up to you to make them for yourself. These changes will prove to be beneficial in the long-term so do not allow any negative or fearful thoughts to deter you from making the changes you desire.  Trust in your intuitive messages and take action as guided and you will be most pleased with the end results.  Wonderful new opportunities will miraculously appear with help from your","."]
["We all have","to learn throughout our lifetimes, and when things seem difficult for us they are the","that we ourselves have chosen to learn.  If things are simple for us, then they are not","; they are things we have already learned."]
["Number 1655 relates to","(1+6+5+5=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
