"Number 1628 is a mix of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the attributes and influences of number 2 and number 8."
"signifies assertiveness, independence and uniqueness, motivation, striving forward and new beginnings, positivity and achieving success.  Number 1 reminds us that"
"and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities."
"brings its vibrations of providing and provision, love of home and family, unconditional love and nurturing, truth and order and the financial and material aspects of life.  Number 6 also relates to problem-solving and solution-finding."
"lends its attributes of faith and trust, pursuing your"
"and"
", partnerships and relationships, mediation, co-operation and diplomacy, give and take and balance and harmony."
"resonates with Divine and"
", self-confidence and authority, skills and talents, consideration, discernment and good judgement, achieving success,"
", and the concept of"
"-  the"
"."
["Angel Number 1628 brings","to use your personal strength, determination and tenacity to bring about desired situations, circumstances and results in your life. It resonates with establishing strong foundations and focusing upon achieving your goals and aspirations and asks you to have faith and trust that you will attract all that you require in your everyday life in order to sustain and maintain you along your Divine life path.  Your",", hard work, patience and intentions will reap your just rewards and blessings. Know that all that you need is within you and with faith, trust and self-belief you are able to manifest all that you require in order to find success and fulfilment."]
["Angel Number 1628 tells of self-management and achieving success and abundance due to your personal efforts, intentions and actions. Trust that your finances are being taken care of and all of your needs in your day-to-day life will be provided for. Your","ask that you remain centered in your faith and trust and believe that","is on its way into your life. You are reaping rewards for work well done in the past, so accept your blessings with grace and",", and give yourself permission to prosper."]
["Angel Number 1628 encourages you to continue to use",", prayers and","in order to","into your life.  Trust that a","and outlook helps to","."]
"Face challenges with inner-strength, patience, diplomacy and grace."
["Number 1628 relates to","(1+6+2+8=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
