["Number 1108 is a combination of the attributes and energies of number 1, 0 and number 8, with the number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences and also resonating with the karmic number 11.","lends its vibrations of new beginnings and stepping out of your comfort zone, motivation and progress, striving for success, attainment and happiness.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.  The","resonates with the principles of","and",", creative idealism, and inspiration and intuition.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our","and",".","carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, and its energies emphasize and amplify the attributes of the numbers it appears with.  Number 0 a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.","resonates with",", personal power and authority, a desire for peace and a love of humanity and world transformation, giving and receiving and the","–",".  Number 8 is known to be a ‘power’ number."]
["Angel Number 1108 suggests that you think only positive thoughts to do with all aspects of your",". Keep your focus on attaining positive results and fulfilment, rather than worrying about lack or loss, as when you have high expectations and maintain a","the angels and Universal Energies assist with","and achieving success in all that you put your efforts towards.  The","want you to know that positive things are manifesting around you at a rapid rate right now, so make the most of them."]
["Angel Number 1108 can indicate that you are nearing the end of a cycle or phase in your life.  New opportunities will appear for you in due course, and your angels ask that you not stress about present circumstances, as ‘better’ is on it’s the way into your life.  Do not fear lack or loss as the end of a situation or cycle denotes the beginning of a prosperous new opportunity and/or direction.  The","ask you to have faith and trust in them and in yourself, and remember that all happens for your highest good and in Divine right time."]
["If you are considering beginning (or expanding) a",", Angel Number 1108 can suggest that now is a most auspicious time to do so.  Listen to the","as to the next steps to take and trust that you have all the necessary skills and talents within you.  Do not doubt your own abilities.  Have faith in yourself  ...  your angels do."]
["Angel Number 1108 is also a reminder that, as with the",", the energies we put out to the Universe are returned to us in kind."]
["Number 1108 also relates to the","(1+1+0+8=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"See also:"
"Angel Number 18"
"Angel Number 108"
"Angel Number 118"
"Angel Number 180"
