"Number 801 is a blend of the vibrations of number 8, the influences of number 0, and the energies of number 1."
["relates to practicality, personal power and authority, dependability and self-reliance,",",","and decisiveness, a desire for peace and a love of humanity, world transformation, giving and receiving and the",";","."]
"represents the Universal Energies, the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice, developing spiritual aspects, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."
["promotes striving forward and pursuing goals, instinct and intuition, ambition and tenacity, initiative, changes, inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and starting afresh. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
["Angel Number 801 is","that important life changes are around you and endings and conclusions are in the offing, with fresh new beginnings ahead. Surrender and release the ‘old’ as you","more suited situations and circumstances. Trust that ‘better’ is about to enter your life."]
"Angel Number 801 indicates that if there are aspects of your life that are not flowing as you would like, changes are ahead of you that will bring about free-flow and healing, bringing many benefits to your life and lifestyle choices."
"Every situation in your life is a response to what you are giving out. Each and every event is drawn to you by what you give out, be it positive or negative. Every thought, feeling and belief contributes to what you create, and you are responsible for having manifested it into your life. Nothing happens by chance."
["Angel Number 801 tells you to keep your thoughts, mind-set and attitude positive and upbeat, and focus on your earnest wants and needs as your thoughts are","into reality very quickly at this time. Trust that your","and prayers have been heard and wonderful things are being manifested for you and by you. Remember to","for your blessings."]
["Number 801 relates to","(8+0+1=9) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
