["Number 1318 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the energies of number 3 and number 8.","brings with it the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress and also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","offers assistance and encouragement, enthusiasm and joy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, broad-minded thinking, communication and self-expression, talent and skills. Number 3 also indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They also help you to find peace, clarity and love within.","resonates with the vibrations of",", self-confidence and personal authority, discernment, success and achievement, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of","– the","."]
["Angel Number 1318 is","regarding your finances and monetary circumstances.  Your","and prayers have been heard, and your","noted by the angels and Ascended Masters.  Follow your intuition and","and take action accordingly.  Trust that your beliefs, mind-set and actions will","of supply and your wants and needs will be met.  Look forward to new opportunities, positive changes and a steady supply of abundance and prosperity in your life.","."]
["Angel Number 1318 suggests that you keep listening to your","and","and take positive action as directed.  There may be some new opportunities that will present to you in regards to income, employment and/or promotion, so do not be afraid to try something new, different and exciting. Trust that you have all the skills and abilities you need, and what you don’t already know, you will learn quickly. The angels are helping you to manifest abundance and prosperity into your life, and you are reminded that as with the law of ‘giving and receiving’ when you have plenty, you have plenty to share with others."]
"Step into your own personal power and allow your true self to shine and illuminate the way for others."
["Number 1318 relates to","(1+3+1+8=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
