["Number 1164 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, magnifying its influences) mixed with the energies of number 6 and number 4.","brings its vibrations of fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and action, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones in order to pursue our passions."]
"Number 1 appearing twice resonates with the"
".  Number 11 resonates with the principles of mysticism, self-expression and sensitivity,"
"and"
", illumination and creative idealism, inspiration and intuition.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is"
"to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"relates to the attributes of the monetary and financial aspects of life, provision and providing, love of home and family, domesticity, nurturing and caring for others, and finding solutions to problems and overcoming obstacles."
"resonates with willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals."
["Angel Number 1164 indicates that the hard work and effort you have put into your endeavours will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones, and you are encouraged to keep up the great work.  Know that your needs will be met due to your diligence and determination to achieve and succeed.  Give any anxieties or worries to your angels, and focus your energies upon your soul urgings and","."]
["Your","ask you to release any feelings or fears of loss or lack and trust that your monetary issues will be sorted for your highest good and you will have all that need, when you need it.  Keep a","and outlook and be grateful and appreciative for all that you have, and all you are yet to receive."]
"Angel Number 1164 tells you that now that you have asked the angels for their help and guidance, you need to be open to receiving and accepting their assistance with an open heart and mind."
["Number 1164 relates to","(1+1+6+4=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
