"Number 2119 is a compilation of the energies of number 2, the attributes of number 1 appearing twice, and the vibrations of number 9."
"Number 2"
["relates to balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, duty and service, insight and intuition, diplomacy and co-operation, intuition, caution, flexibility, grace, faith and trust and pursuing your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["lends its vibrations of new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving for success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, strength of character, generosity and benevolence, endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",".","Angel Number 2119 asks you to stay focused upon your life path and","and trust that in doing so you are teaching others by being a living example. Your","ask you to use your","to create opportunities to connect, share and teach others. Trust that","as you use your unique leadership qualities and strong character traits to manoeuvre yourself through current life circumstances, changes and endings. When you make the decision to move forward on your path, the Universe provides suitable opportunities to learn from and tests to overcome, bringing growth on all levels.","Angel Number 2119 brings the opportunity to look deeply within yourself and finally let go of those things such as habits, patterns and relationships that no longer serve you or your highest good. If you are unhappy or dissatisfied about a situation in your life, it is time to take responsibility, take charge and do something about it. Consider all that is no longer positively serving you, or that no longer plays a positive role in your life, and be open to finding ways to release them. Trust that they will be replaced with better and more suited in due course."]
["Number 2119 relates to","(2+1+1+9=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
["Angel Number 2119 may also be indicating that if you feel inclined to pursue a","or heart-based venture, now is a most auspicious time to look for opportunities."]
