"Number 1028 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 1, the influences of number 0, the attributes of number 2, and the energies of number 8."
["relates to assertiveness, striving forward and new beginnings, inspiration, motivation, independence and uniqueness, action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["brings decisiveness, diplomacy, charm, partnerships and relationships, co-operation, consideration, receptivity and love, adaptability, balance and harmony, and serving your","and","."]
["is the number of self-confidence, personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, reality, dependability and self-reliance, and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
"Angel Number 1028 can indicate that a project or cycle is ending and you are encouraged to look to your achievements and successes as this will show you how far you have come, giving you the confidence to look forward to the next steps upon your path. Allow your spiritual knowledge and life experiences to become wisdom and share it with others when appropriate. Listen to your intuition and inner-guidance, be honest with yourself and make changes if needed."
"Angel Number 1028 can be a message that one door is closing for you, and another is about to open. This will prove to be most beneficial for you in many ways and you"
"are to trust that your material needs will be taken care of during these changes. Rest assured that you will find personal fulfilment and happiness when you follow your"
"intuition and take action accordingly."
["Angel Number 1028 is also a","that you have been rapidly","and wishes through the power of positive thinking and by"]
["maintaining an","attitude. The current flow of","is a reflection of your mind-set and high expectations and you are encouraged by your angels to use"]
["your","wisely. Your","remind you to have an optimistic outlook and attitude so that you manifest only the best for your highest good. Success"]
"can and will be yours."
["Angel Number 1028 can also be a prompt to begin (or expand)",", or a venture or project aimed at serving others. Have the courage to live your life and serve your","with enthusiasm and optimism, safe in the knowledge that you are well blessed, loved and supported in all that you do. If you open your heart to the needs of the world and understand through your uplifted consciousness, limitless ideas to serve humanity will flow into your mind and reality."]
["Number 1028 also relates to","(1+0+2+8=11) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 128"
"Angel Number 281"
"Angel Number 821"
