["Number 400 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 4 and number 0, with number 0 appearing twice, amplifying the vibrations of both number 4 and number 0.","encourages diligence and determination to achieve goals, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, patience, honesty, integrity and",". Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the",".","carries the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, and relates to"]
"and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail."
["Angel Number 400 is a powerful message that the","are sending you ideas, thoughts and promptings which are directing the next steps along your","and",". The hard work, patience, determined will and effort you have put towards living your personal truths and attaining your goals are being applauded by the spiritual realm. You are encouraged to keep up the great work you have been doing as it is alignment with your",". Take time out to still the mind and","in order to receive clear Divine and","."]
["Angel Number 400 is","to keep up the great work you have been doing. The hard work you have been toiling at has brought you to where you are today  -  serving your","with passion, confidence and enthusiasm. You are surrounded and loved by the spiritual realm and Universal Energies and they are sending you positive energies and helping you along your path. Know that you are well blessed."]
["Angel Number 400 indicates that you are protected, safe and well-loved. Your","ask that you take a moment to reflect upon this unconditional love, and take it within so that you are able to reflect it outwards. You have been diligently building solid foundations and the work and effort you have put towards achieving your goals and aspirations will see you reaping your desired results. You have it within you to overcome any obstacles you may encounter along your path."]
["Number 400 relates to","(4+0+0=4) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
