"Number 966 is a compilation of the attributes and energies of the numbers 9 and 6, with the number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its vibrations."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
"relates to love of home and family and domesticity, providing for the self and others, service to others and selflessness, being grateful, responsibility and reliability, dignity and simplicity, mediation and the ability to compromise, finding solutions and overcoming obstacles."
"Angel Number 966 is"
"that an important cycle or phase is about to end in your life. These necessary closures and endings will offer new opportunities for you to live and serve your"
"which you are prompted to fully undertake without further delay. Give any fears or concerns to your"
"and be prepared to pursue your spiritual truths."
"Angel Number 966 encourages you to find happiness in the small things that happen every day as noticing the small pleasures makes a big difference to the quality of your life. Get excited and enthusiastic about the things you have to do each day, and live an active, impassioned life and lifestyle. Be happy with who you are right now and allow that positivity to inspire and motivate you towards a happier tomorrow. Seek out things (and people) that bring you joy and express yourself with truth and love."
"Angel Number 966 is also a message that it is time for you to detach from your material items, particularly if you have had any obsession with any material possession/s. Let go and detach and trust that something in your life is about to be replaced with ‘better’. Remember that you deserve the very best so be open to receiving new possessions that exceed your expectations as you are ready for an upgrade in your life."
["Angel Number 966 also tells of being gracious and feeling","for all in your life."]
"Extending"
"towards life attracts more goodness to flow your way."
"is linked to better relationships, improved health and wellbeing, and a more"
"towards life."
["Number 966 relates to","(9+6+6=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
