["Number 679 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 6 and number 7, and the vibrations of number 9.","brings the qualities of love of home and family and domesticity, service to others, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, caring and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, initiative, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles.","adds its energies of mysticism,",",","and",", deep contemplation and introspection, learning and education,",",","and inner-knowing.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and high ideals, humility and humanity, the concept of",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, and","."]
["Angel Number 679 is a message to continue listening to your intuition and","about your career path and",". Your thoughts, visions and intuitive ‘knowing’ are guiding you in the right direction and you have been living and leading a spiritual lifestyle with optimism and enthusiasm. Trust that you are fully aligned with your",", and all of your material needs will be provided as needed. Put your spiritual knowledge and wisdom into practice as a","."]
["Angel Number 679 is a message of congratulations and commendation from the","for the","you are doing. The","indicate that you are shedding old aspects of your life that no longer suit who you truly are and you are now living a more authentic life and lifestyle. It suggests that some issues or phases are coming to an end or conclusion, making way for fresh new beginnings that will enhance your life and advance you along your path."]
"Think thoughts that make you happy; be with people who make you laugh and feel good; do things that make you feel good; eat things that make your body healthy and feeling good. Look after yourself in all ways and set a positive example for others to follow."
["Number 679 relates to the","(6+7+9=22, 2+2=4) and","oh the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
