"Number 880 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 8 and number 0, with number 8 appearing twice, magnifying its influences."
["is the number of practicality, challenge, consideration, inner-strength and self-confidence, efficiency, self-discipline,","and good judgement, stability and self-sufficiency. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 880 is a powerful number that relates to who you truly are within, your inner-strengths and unique talents, and your abilities to","both material and spiritual energies into your life. It is also a number that gets things done."]
["Angel Number 880 indicates that you are surrounded by positive, loving energies from the","and higher beings of the spiritual realm."]
"Take the time to"
","
"connect and communicate with the angelic and spiritual realm"
"about your financial and monetary needs. Ask for what you want and need with clarity and conviction, faith and trust and be open to receiving and accepting the infinite"
"and benevolence of the Universe."
["Give any fears or concerns about the material and monetary aspects of your life to the","for healing and transmutation, and trust that you have the abilities to","all of your desires.","whenever you feel the need, and trust that you are able to succeed at all you desire."]
"for your blessings"
"and remember that the more you give, the more you receive."
"Look to thoughts, beliefs and activities that uplift and empower you and step into your personal power, live your life as you wish it to be lived, and stay positive, focused and loving."
["Number 880 relates to","(8+8+0=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
