"Number 962 is a combination of the attributes and influences of number 9 and number 6, and the vibrations of number 2."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, non-conformity, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others,","and",", integrity and honesty, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles."]
["is associated with balance, harmony, duality, peace, adaptability, service to others, diplomacy, receptivity and love, charm, understanding others, mediation and co-operation, consideration, faith and trust, your",", support and encouragement."]
"Angel Number 962 tells you that appreciation and"
"bring untold joy and blessings to your life. When you appreciate those around you, on a deeper level you begin to understand how much your loved ones bring to your life. When you express that gratitude, it positively affects you on every level, as well as the people whom you are"
"for. Your"
"makes you feel more loving, and makes others feel appreciated, supported, wanted, needed and loved. In whatever way you choose to show your"
"and appreciation for others, know that it will open and expand your own heart as well as those that you love."
["Angel Number 962 indicates that you are well prepared and ready in all ways to fully serve your",", trusting that the","are supporting and encouraging you in your","and","endeavours."]
"Trust the"
"in all aspects to do with your"
"and c"
"ontinue with your wonderful"
"as you are successfully helping others by shining your love and light on the world. Trust that all of your material needs will be met as needed so have no fear of lack and/or loss."
["Angel Number 962 encourages you to work towards gaining more spiritual knowledge and wisdom and incorporating it into your daily life. Be open-hearted, accepting of others and generous of spirit, and serve your","with passion and persistence, knowing within that you are on your right life path."]
["Number 962 relates to","(9+6+2=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
