"Number 840 is a blend of the attributes of number 8, the vibrations of number 4, and the influences of number 0."
["relates to the concept of","and the",",",", personal power and authority,","material abundance, decisiveness,","and good judgement, inner-strength, dependability and self-confidence."]
["relates to practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience and practicality, conscientiousness, and determination to achieve goals, passion and purpose, and the energies of the","."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
"Angel Number 840 indicates that you have toiled diligently and determinedly towards achieving your goals and your just rewards are now entering your life. There is a great deal of love and support around you, and you are encouraged to enjoy and cherish your blessings."
["Angel Number 840 brings a message that you are safe, protected and supported by the spiritual realm and Universal Energies. Know that you have manifested many blessings due to your hard work and devotion, responsibility,","and your determined actions."]
"Angel Number 840 also encourages you to take time for silence and solitude. Silently observe your life in times of quiet contemplation as this brings increased awareness and gives you the time and space to transform knowledge into wisdom. Build a strong connection with your true self, be your own voice and be clear about who you are, what you want and what works for you. Step up and embrace your own powers of creation and direct your attention to what you want for your life."
["Expect wonderful rewards for your hard work and effort and","for all of your blessings. Trust that the strong and clear connection with the angelic and spiritual realms and you own intuition will offer you constant guidance, assistance and unconditional love."]
["Number 840 relates to","(8+4+0=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
