["Number 3109 is a blend of the energies of number 3, the vibrations of number 1, the influences of number 0, and the qualities of number 9.","encourages self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, being brave and courageous, natural talent and skills, friendliness and sociability,","and",", growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 is also associated with the",".","relates to assertiveness, striving forward and new beginnings, inspiration, motivation, independence and uniqueness, action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","carries the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and amplifies the energies and vibrations of the numbers it appears with. Number 0 relates to","and spiritual gifts.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, duty and calling, sensitivity, benevolence, altruism and","."]
"Angel Number 3109 tells of endings of cycles and phases and encourages you to let the past go so that you can focus your attention on new directions and opportunities about to present. Finish and finalize any projects, situations or even relationships that do not positively serve your highest good. Be honest with yourself and discard things in your path that may deter or hinder you in any way. This can relate to anything in your life that you know you no longer want or need. Clear the way for new to enter your life and release anything that does not resonate with who you truly are today. Free yourself from that which holds you back in any way and discover the blessings of simplifying your life."
"Angel Number 3109 also brings confirmation and validation that those flashes of insight and inspiration are guiding you, so pay attention to your intuition and take action accordingly."
["It is an auspicious time to pursue your creative endeavours, so if feeling courageous and ambitious, it is a perfect time to begin a new business, project or venture that will support your financial and recreational needs. Engage your creative, emotional and intellectual energies and","."]
["Number 3109 relates to","(3+1+0+9=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
