["Number 3058 is a compilation of the energies and influences of number 3 and number 0, and the vibrations and attributes of number 5 and number 8.","resonates with joy, growth and expansion, spontaneity and joy,","and",", optimism and enthusiasm, being brave, creativity and self-expression, sociability and communication. Number 3 also relates to the energies of the",".","represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with.","relates to important life changes, creativity and new beginnings, auspicious new opportunities,","and decisions,","through experience, the fullness of your humanity and human experience, imagination and curiosity, vitality, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility.","is associated with personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, dependability,","and self-reliance, and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
"Angel Number 3058 tells you that if you find yourself in a career, profession or job that you know does not suit you, look to options that interest you and that you may be particularly talented at. Step into your own power and do things that suit who you truly are in ways that are true to your beliefs, values and principles. Acknowledge your own self-worth and bring your skills and talents to the fore without fear as they are yours to be used to their fullest potential. Follow your own lead and do not allow others to deter or sway you from your chosen path, and listen to your own intuition and trust your gut-feelings to reap your rewards."
["When you come from a place of clarity, balance and centeredness, (particularly during times of stress or confusion) and you are able to keep your focus and remain level-headed, you are able to","for yourself and your life. Have the courage to stand in your truths and release fears and habits that keep you from enjoying a loving and joyful life."]
"Remember that like attracts like, and when you seek the highest good for yourself, you begin to attract others who too are seeking the highest good for themselves and others as well."
["Number 3058 relates to","(3+0+5+8=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
