["Number 304 is made up of the vibrations of number 3, the influences of number 0 and  the energies of number 4.","resonates with the energies of expansion and increase,"]
["charisma, optimism and joy, self-expression and creativity,",", communication and society. Number 3 also relates to the","who"]
"help you to focus upon the Divine spark within yourself and others, and help you"
"to find peace, clarity and love within."
["carries the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and amplifies and magnifies the energies and vibrations of the numbers it appears with. Number 0 relates to",", and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers."]
"relates to hard work,"
"establishing solid foundations, diligence and forethought, practicality and organization, determination and dependability, passion and drive. Number 4 also relates to the"
". This makes 304 a number that combines creativity with thoughtful effort and hard work to manifest positive energies, opportunities and results."
["Angel Number 304 is a message that the","and","are around you, and you are able to communicate freely with them about your desires"]
["and wishes, your fears, feelings and foibles ... anything you wish.",", and pay particular attention to","."]
["Angel Number 304 encourages you to surrender and","that have been"]
"holding you back and/or hindering you in any way. Know that the hard work, will and effort you have put towards living your personal truths are being rewarded with"
"an abundance of supply in your life. Trust that your needs will be catered to as you steadily build solid foundations for yourself and others."
"Angel Number 304 suggests that you put some extra effort towards your creative endeavours to ensure that you find success and reap long-term rewards that you seek. Trust that"
["the work you do today will bring benefits to your life in the future. Your work, devotion and responsible attitude have","in your life."]
["Be open to receiving your blessings from the Universe, and be appreciative and","for them."]
"Study, learn and gather knowledge because in the future you will synthesize your knowledge and wisdom into action to help others."
["Number 304 relates to","(3+0+4=7) and","."]
"*"
