["Number 3107 is a compilation of the energies of number 3, the vibrations of number 1, the influences of number 0, and the attributes of number 7.","relates to self-expression and communication,",", optimism and enthusiasm, natural skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, creation and creativity, affability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also resonates with the vibrations of the",".","resonates with new beginnings, creation, progress, inspiration and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, action, motivation and progress, striving forward, uniqueness and individuality,",", positivity and activity.","represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with.","relates to the esoteric and mystical,","and awareness, emotions and feelings, endurance and perseverance, contemplation and introspection, inner-knowing and understanding others,","and",", and education and learning."]
"Angel Number 3107 can indicate that you are on a spiritual journey, whether you wish to accept it or not. To maintain and strengthen your mental, emotional and spiritual health and wellbeing, pay attention to your feelings, wants and needs. If you take loving care of yourself you will be better prepared and able to face and overcome obstacles and challenges, if and when they arise."
["Angel Number 3107 brings a message that you have a direct link to all knowledge through your Higher-self. Go within and learn to hear the voice of your Higher-self and discover the gifts that lay dormant within you. Work on heightening your sense of","and consciously pay attention to the","and","appearing in your life. Analyse the messages and signs you receive and discern how they resonate with you. Only you can decide what rings true for you and what is right for you."]
["Angel Number 3107 brings a message to pay special attention to your dreams and daydreams as well as during meditation and quiet times.",",",", passed-over loved ones and beloved pets use our dreams and visions to communicate messages of love to us. Dreaming of loved ones, angels, numbers, symbols and the like are very common experiences and gives the spiritual realm the opportunity to communicate clearly with us.","and","and","can be life-changing, transforming and healing. Be sensitive to messages and be open and receptive to your own intuition."]
["Number 3107 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (3+1+0+7=11, 1+1=2)."]
