"Number 985 is a combination of vibrations and attributes of number 9 and number 8, and the energies of number 5."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
["is associated with personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, dependability,","and self-reliance, and","wealth and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["relates to life changes, the fullness of your humanity and human experience, versatility and adaptability, vitality, inspiration, imagination and curiosity, learning",", motivation and activity,","and decisions that suit who you truly are, and personal freedom."]
["Angel Number 985 tells you that your past experiences and the","you learned from them help you to make your present choices. We are all on our own individual, unique paths and have a multitude of experiences along the way. Every event you participate in benefits yourself and others as you set example for others to observe and learn from, and vice-versa. Bless and","for every event and experience in your life."]
["Angel Number 985 brings","that any positive changes you have made (or are currently making) will bring you into perfect alignment with your","as a","and will assist you with your","and/or with beginning a","and/or service-based venture or project."]
["Angel Number 985 indicates that the changes taking place in your life have been Divinely planned so that you are able to devote more of your focus and energy towards following your passions and soul’s urgings. Some aspects of your life may be coming to a close or end so that you will be free to take up new opportunities. Your","are helping to","in order to sustain and support you along your life’s journey. Trust that your daily material needs will be met as you walk your journey, and the","are available to guide and assist you whenever you feel the need. The","are always with you, waiting for your call."]
"Step into your own power and make your life as you wish it to be."
["Number 985 relates to the","(9+8+5=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
