["Number 1240 is a combination of the attributes of number 1 and number 2, and the influences of number 4 and number 0.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, new beginnings and starting afresh.  Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with balance and harmony, duality, faith, devotion, insight, co-operation, adaptability and diplomacy.  Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and your","and",".","encourages diligence and determination to achieve goals, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty, integrity and",".  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and life purpose.","carries the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, and amplifies and magnifies the energies and vibrations of the numbers it appears with.  Number 0 a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers."]
["Angel Number 1240 is a message to use","and maintain a","about your life in general as these positive energies","and manifests peace and clarity into your life.  Have faith and trust in your ‘Self’  -  your skills, talents and natural abilities, and use them to their fullest as you",".  Have faith and trust that your",",","encourage and support you in your endeavours."]
["Angel Number 1240 indicates that your","are sending you positive energies to boost your self-belief, self-esteem and confidence. The work, will and effort you have contributed in the past have lead to building solid foundations and stability, and you are asked to trust yourself and your intuition.  Know that you are on the right life path, so hold positive thoughts and feelings about yourself.  The more you believe in yourself, the better everything turns out.  Each time you do something new, you learn and grow."]
["Angel Number 1240 is","that you are to step up to your responsibilities as a ‘","’ and use your natural skills and talents to help shed love, light and healing around the world.  Continue on your present path with passion and enthusiasm, and believe in yourself and your inner-talents and abilities to find success and achieve your desires and aspirations.  Trust that achieving your goals is within sight."]
["Number 1240 relates to","(1+2+4+0=7) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
