["Number 1470 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the energies and influences of number 7 and number 0.","relates"]
"to new beginnings, motivation and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, achievement and success, inspiration, attainment, fulfilment and omniscience.  Number 1"
["tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its vibrations of working steadily towards goals and aspirations,"]
"practicality and patience, organization and exactitude, system and order, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also relates"
["to the energies of the",".","resonates with the energies of","and",", mysticism and",", education and"]
["learning, introspection, individualism, persistence of purpose, and manifesting good fortune into your life.","resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and"]
"wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties"
"that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or"
"choice, and is to do with developing one’s spiritual aspects.  Number 0 adds its influential energies of magnifying the vibrations of the numbers it appears with."
["Angel Number 1470 is a message to listen to your inner-self,","and intuition, and follow their promptings.","and trust that you can relax"]
"and find peace. You are safe and protected from all types of harm. Trust that your angels are guiding and supporting you along your path."
["Angel Number 1470 is a message of ‘congratulations’ from your angels.  Using",",","and praying (amongst other",") bring"]
"about your desired results, and your angels commend you for practicing these methods.  The Universe answers by providing you with your wants and needs.  Continue to"
["concentrate on your personal spirituality and","and",", and you will find success and fulfilment on all levels."]
"Angel Number 1470 tells you to continue putting your efforts towards living your truths and walking your spiritual path, safe in the knowledge that the"
"are guiding, assisting, supporting and encouraging you every step of the way.  Hard work, will and effort will reap rewards.  Keep up the good"
"work!"
"Angel Number 1470 is also a message that your repetitive thoughts, ideas and promptings from your inner-self are indicators of your next steps.  New"
["are changing the way you view yourself and the world around you.  You are encouraged to allow your","to flourish through study, prayer"]
["and","."]
["If you have been considering beginning (or expanding) a",", Angel Number 1470 may be suggesting that you follow that"]
"calling.  It may involve learning, teaching and/or healing others.  Allow your light to shine to illuminate the way for others."
["Number 1470 relates to","(1+4+7+0=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
