"Number 1400 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the powerful vibrations of number 0 appearing twice, amplifying its"
"influences."
"brings with it the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, action and progress, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to"
["motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"resonates with practicality"
"and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also"
["relates to our drive, passion and purpose and resonates with the energies of the",".","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the"]
"numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with"
"and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to"
"your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."
"Angel Number 1400 brings progressive change, renewal and growth, and tells you to share your knowledge and wisdom with others.  It also tells you that what you put"
"your intentions and efforts towards will reap long-term rewards. If you take action with caution and wisdom you will be successful in business, money matters and life"
"in general.  Begin worthwhile projects now that will bring long-term benefits and future success."
"Angel Number 1400 encourages you to put your efforts and focus towards your long-term goals and aspirations.  Your thoughts, feelings, emotions, actions and overall"
"outlook are being boosted by your angels so that you can continue to manifest all that you want and need in your life.  Building strong foundations from well-laid plans"
"ensures future progress, stability and success, and your angels encourage you to work with your natural passion and drive."
"Angel Number 1400 may also indicate that your desired outcome will happen in the very near future.  Have faith and patience, and do not try to force things to happen."
"Trust that all happens in Divine right time and in Divine right order."
"Plan, create, take action and succeed."
["Number 1400 relates to","(1+4+0+0=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
