["Number 1197 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences and relating to the karmic number 11) and the vibrations of number 9 and number 7.","relates to new beginnings and starting new ventures, motivation and progress, self-reliance, courage and tenacity, achievement and attainment, and stepping out of our comfort zone to achieve our goals. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions.  Number 1 appearing twice resonates with the",".  Number 11 resonates with the principles of mysticism, self-expression and sensitivity,","and",", illumination and creative idealism, inspiration and intuition.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our","and",".","resonates with the",", a higher perspective,",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,","and",".  Number 9 also denotes endings, closure and conclusions.","brings its influences of the Universal Energies, faith and",", independence and individualism, understanding of others, determination and persistence of purpose, inner-strength and",", mysticism and","."]
["Angel Number 1197 encourages you to look forward to new opportunities presenting in your life as they will lead to wonderful new circumstances and situations. Trust your intuition and follow its guidance as each opportunity presents, knowing that they are appearing for important karmic reasons. Trust that they are in direct alignment with","and","."]
["Angel Number 1197 is a message of encouragement from your","and affirms that you are on the right life path.  Your plans and intentions are guiding and directing you towards the next major step/s along your spiritual, Divine life path. Your angels encourage you to consider your true priorities and take positive action related to","and",".  Your positive actions are having an effect on others who are following your lead."]
["Your","encourage you to follow your intuition in regards to your","and",". You are on the right track and are now leading your life as a positive example for others to follow.  It encourages you to",", and if you feel the inclination to",", Angel Number 1197 indicates that now is an auspicious time to do so.  The angels applaud your choices to live with truth, honesty and integrity."]
"Angel Number 1197 also indicates that you are shedding old facets of your life that no longer positively serve you, as you are now living a more authentic and purposeful life and lifestyle.  Let the ‘old’ go with love and gratitude for its service to you and be open to receiving the ‘new’."
["You are an open channel to higher Universal knowledge.  Feel the comforting energies from your","as they guide you to your destiny."]
["Number 1197 relates to","(1+1+9+7=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
