["Number 421 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 4, the attributes of number 2 and the qualities of number 1.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, inner-wisdom, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the",".","brings its attributes of service and duty, adaptability and co-operation, duality, finding balance and harmony, kindness and consideration. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and serving your","and",".","promotes creativity and creation, pioneering, action and initiative, new beginnings and motivation, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, intentions, beliefs and actions."]
["Angel Number 421 is a message to use","and maintain a","about your life in general as these positive energies","and manifests peace and clarity. Have faith and trust in your ‘Self’; your skills, talents and natural abilities, and use them to their fullest on your Divine life path. Have faith and trust that the","encourage and support you in your endeavours."]
["Angel Number 421 is","that you are to balance your work life with your relaxation and play time. The","encourage you to take time out to",", relax, revive and rejuvenate yourself. Your health and wellbeing are of the utmost importance as your inner-strength and vibrant energies are much needed by the world. The","want you to be functioning at your optimum."]
["Be assured that the angels are busily working behind the scenes and certain factors need to fall into place before your desired outcome can be reached. There is nothing holding you back or blocking you from attaining your goal and/or desire. Show patience and","for the miraculous solutions to appear in your life. Your positive beliefs and faith and trust in the Divine creates favourable results and outcomes."]
["Number 421 relates to","(4+2+1=7) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
