"Number 1404 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 4, with number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of"
["the powerful number 0.","promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and"]
["individuality, ambition and will power.   Number 1 encourages us to step forward to achieve our goals and reminds us that","and experiences"]
["with our thoughts, beliefs and intentions.","resonates with endurance, loyalty, mastery, patience and practicality, hard work and effort, building solid"]
"foundations, traditional values, exactitude, service, patience, our passion and drive, and working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations.  Number 4"
["also relates to the",".","resonates with the energies of eternity and infinity, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 stands for"]
["potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights"]
"the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.   Number 0 brings the"
"influences of the ‘God force’ or Universal Energies, and amplifies and magnifies the energies of the number it appears with."
["Angel Number 1404 is","that you are to look to new ways to go about getting your work done more efficiently.  Listen to your intuition as your"]
"angels are ushering positive energies towards and around you and are showing you new and different ways to get things done efficiently and effectively."
["Angel Number 1404 is a message that the","are with you, encouraging and guiding you.  They are offering you inner-strength and support to enable"]
"you to get the work done that you need to in order to attain and achieve your goals and aspirations.  They know and understand that you have been toiling diligently"
["towards your goals, and encourage you to continue on your current path to achieve the success and results you desire.","to ensure success in all of"]
"your endeavours."
"Angel Number 1404 indicates that you are being surrounded by helpful, loving angels who wish to bring you peace of mind and joy of heart.  Fill your mind with"
"positive and nourishing thoughts and continue on your current path."
["Number 1404 relates to","(1+4+0+4=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
