"Number 1064 is a combination of the attributes and energies of number 1, number 0, number 6 and number 4. Number 1 lends its vibrations of fresh starts and new"
["beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success.","tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and action."]
"Number 0 is a powerful vibration as it resonates with Universal Energies (the ‘God force’), and reflects the energies of infinity and eternity, oneness and wholeness,"
"continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and when this number presents it is a message to do with"
"and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to"
"your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 also amplifies and magnifies the attributes of the number/s it appears with."
"brings its attributes of the monetary and financial aspects of life, provision and providing, love of home and family, domesticity, nurturing and caring for"
["others, and finding solutions to problems.","resonates with our willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, patience and practicality, building"]
"solid foundations and worki diligently towards achieving goals."
"Angel Number 1064 indicates that the hard work and effort you have put into your endeavours will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones, and you are"
"encouraged to keep up the great work.  Know that your needs will be met due to your diligence and determination to achieve and succeed.  Give any anxieties or worries"
["to your angels, and focus your energies upon your soul urgings and","."]
"Your angels ask you to release any feelings or fears of loss or lack and trust that your monetary issues will be sorted for your highest good and you will have all that"
["need, when you need it.  Keep","and outlook and","for all that you have, and all you are yet to receive."]
["Angel Number 1064 tells you that now that you have",", you need to be open to receiving and accepting their assistance with an"]
"open heart and mind."
["Number 1064 relates to the","(1+0+6+4=11) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 164"
"*"
"Victoria   Australia"
