"Number 1162 is made up of the attributes of number (appearing doubled, amplifying its influences) mixed with the energies of number 6 and number 2."
"relates to creation, beginning new projects or ventures, inner-strength and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness.  Number 1 encourages us to strive forward with courage and tells us that"
"with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."
"Number 1 appearing twice together relates to the"
".  The karmic number 11 resonates with the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, self-expression and sensitivity, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to"
["connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and serve our","and"]
"."
"relates to love of home and family and domesticity, providing for the self and others, service and selflessness, responsibility and reliability.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, solving problems and overcoming obstacles."
"adds it vibrations of balance and harmony, duality, mediation and diplomacy, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and"
"and"
"."
["Angel Number 1162 compels you to ask yourself what your true passions and","are.  Listen to your intuition and take heed of your soul’s urgings.  Ask yourself, “what brings me closer to my",", and what takes me away from it?”"]
["Angel Number 1162 asks that you trust the guidance you have been receiving intuitively regarding the next steps to take.  Your ideas, thoughts and actions will provide solutions to your monetary issues.  Have faith and trust that your material wants and needs will be taken care of as you",".  Give any fears or worries to the angels to heal and transmute.  Your next step is to take positive action in the right direction."]
["Angel Number 1162 is also a message to stay strong and centered and trust that your material needs will be met, most likely in unexpected and miraculous ways.  Use",",","and a","to","in all areas of your life."]
"Look for new ways to bring love and light into your home and family life."
["Number 1162 relates to","(1+1+6+2=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
