"Number 2100 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 2 and number 1, and the influences of number 0 appearing twice, amplifying the vibrations of the numbers it appears with."
"Number 2"
["brings balance, healing, harmony, devotion and grace, duality, diplomacy and adaptability, partnership and relationships, sensitivity and selflessness, decisiveness, co-operation and consideration. Number 2 also resonates with serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with creativity and creation, new beginnings and taking different directions, motivation and progress, self-reliance, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, and also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 0"
["stands for potential and/or choice,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with.","Angel Number 2100 suggests that there may be some new opportunities or directions for you to take that will lead you towards new and exciting situations and circumstances. Be aware of your thoughts as they are","your ideas and beliefs into reality, so maintain a","regarding current changes and/or circumstances as this will help to","your desired results and outcomes. Trust that your","are by your side as you look to new and/or different directions and are guiding your every step. Remain calm, balanced and happy and you will find that all will work out for your highest good.","Angel Number 2100 indicates that things will be going in your desired direction and wonderful opportunities will present themselves when the timing is right. Your","and","encourage you to maintain faith and trust, knowing that you are fully supported in every way. Your","are always a step ahead of you so listen to their wisdom to gain confidence in your choices and actions.","Angel Number 2100 may also suggest that it is time to look to new and/or different ways to enhance your home, garden and surrounds. Usher some fresh, positive energies into your home and family environment and make time for family and social gatherings and celebrations."]
["Number 2100 relates to","(2+1+0+0=3) and","."]
