["Number 667 is a blend of the vibrations of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 7.","carries the influences of love of home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others, solution-finding,","and",", responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing."]
["relates to the esoteric and mystical,","and",", emotions and feelings, persistence of purpose and determination,","and positive intentions, inner-knowing and understanding others,","and",", and education and learning."]
["Angel Number 667 is a sign of positive progress,","and advancement on all levels. It signifies the strong","that opens the doorway to Divine and","and relates to your spiritual path and the monetary and financial aspects of life. Angel Number 667 encourages you to work towards gaining more spiritual knowledge and wisdom and incorporating it into your daily life, trusting that your needs will be catered to. You have put thought and considered efforts into all aspects of your life and have found balance and",". The","encourage you to continue on your current path and applaud your commitment and courage."]
["Angel Number 677 is a message that working on your spiritual practices (eg. prayers,",",",", study and the like) will manifest many and varied blessings into your life. Positive solutions and answers will present in order to resolve any issues that are currently causing anxiety or concern for you. You are encouraged to give any fears and/or anxieties to the","for healing and transmutation, and trust the benevolence of the Universe. Your angels are by your side offering their support and guidance. Trust that all will work out for your highest good."]
["Angel Number 667 suggests that your thoughts, actions and work on the material plane are to be commended and you have successfully balanced your thoughts and activities. You are heading in the right direction and things are set to improve all the more as you hold a positive vision of your desired outcome. You are prompted to research and/or study topics of personal interest as this will enhance and help you with your inner-growth, development and","."]
["You were born with a unique","and","to fulfill on Earth. This is something that is yours to do and accomplish, and yours alone."]
["Number 667 relates to","(6+6+7=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
