"Number 1157 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) mixed with the energies and vibrations of the numbers 1, 5 and 7."
"brings its attributes of inspiration, intuition, positivity, new beginnings and taking action, self-reliance and tenacity, and striving towards achieving success.  Number 1 tells us that"
"with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."
"Two number 1's appearing together relate to the"
".  The karmic Master Teacher number 11 relates to the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, creative idealism and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to"
"connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"adds its energies of life changes, personal freedom, idealism and motivation, opportunity and expansion,"
", adaptability and versatility.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way."
"resonates with the attributes of"
","
"and"
", mysticism and"
","
"and"
", seeking knowledge, study, education and learning."
["Angel Number 1157 encourages you to look to new",".  You may be feeling urges and inclinations towards pursuing a new and/or different path that will fuel your passions and interests.  Listen to your intuition as","towards new knowledge, wisdom and opportunities to express your truths."]
["Angel Number 1157 is","that the","you have made and the changes you are contemplating and undertaking are very positive and will be of benefit to you in many ways.  Your",", thoughts, beliefs and optimism will",".  Keep up the great work you have been doing, and stay happy and optimistic as this will be reflected in your life."]
["Angel Number 1157 also tells us that both rest and exercise are essential to our well-being, peace of mind and",", and you are encouraged to take time out to look after your well-being on all levels.  Some study and/or research into a new interest or passion may also be of benefit to you."]
["Number 1157 relates to","(1+1+5+7=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
