["Number 2460 relates to","(2+4+6+0=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"Number 2460 is a blend of the energies and vibrations of number 2 and number 4, and the attributes and influences of number 6 and number 0."
"Number 2"
["relates to service and duty, balance and harmony, gentleness and kindness, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, relationships and partnerships, and pursuing your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["promotes honesty and integrity, traditional values, hard work and responsibility, practicality and application, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and the energies of the","."]
"Number 6"
["relates to possessions, the material and monetary aspects, home and family, love and nurturing, service and domesticity, responsibility and reliability, grace and",", honesty and integrity, problem-solving and solution-finding."]
"Number 0"
["represents the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with.","Angel Number 2460 is a message to reassure you that your material needs (such as home, transportation, food, clothing and utilities ...) will be met as needed. Your focus may currently be on the material/financial aspects and you may be losing sight of your","due to financial worries and/or anxieties, or may be concerned as to how you will be able to fulfil your responsibilities, passions and purpose. Release your fears and worries as they are blocking the flow of positive energy and depletes your faith. Trust that all of your monetary and material needs will be met when you let go of your fears of lack and/or loss and you will be able to achieve all that you set out to. Keep up the good work you have been doing and expect","and prosperity to flow into your life.","for your blessings and share them freely with others as this encourages a continuous and steady supply.","Angel Number 2460 brings a message of reassurance you that your material needs (such as home, transportation, food, clothing and utilities) will all be met. Living a consciously balanced and centred life has manifested a continued supply of","into your life, ensuring that you are sustained and maintained with your daily needs. Trust this and keep up the good work you have been doing. Expect abundance and prosperity to flow into your life and share them freely with others as this encourages a continued, steady supply.","It is important to honour your higher-self’s guidance and passionately pursue your","using your unique communication skills and inner-talents and abilities to enlighten and uplift others. Angel Number 2460 encourages you to stay grounded and focused, knowing that your","surround and support you upon your path."]
