["Number 1365 is a blend of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 3, and the energies and influences of number 6 and number 5.","resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, intentions and beliefs.","brings its energies of manifesting prosperity and abundance, self-expression and communication, support and encouragement, talents and skills, enthusiasm and joy.  Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",".  The Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". The Ascended Masters help you to find clarity, peace and love within.","relates to the monetary and material aspects of life, providing and provision, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others, simplicity, reliability and responsibility, problem-solving and the ability to compromise.","resonates with the attributes of","and important changes, adventure, individuality, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way and","through experience."]
["Angel Number 1365 is","that the changes happening around you have been manifested by your true inner desires to make positive changes in your life.  Your angels encourage you to ‘go with the flow’, safe in the knowledge that your material needs will be met during the impending transitions and changes.","will speed the process of your desired manifestation."]
["Angel Number 1365 is a message that your changing ways and views about both the material and spiritual worlds are helping you to find balance within yourself and your life in general.  Trust that these positive energies will","into your life.  Use","and higher intentions and actions to continue to manifest ample supply and wonderful opportunities into your life that will improve your finances, health and wellbeing and other important aspects of your life."]
"When major changes take place in your life, stay grounded and centred no matter what is happening in your life.  This inner foundation of peace has a powerful healing effect, and your outer-life soon reflects your inner-peacefulness.  Trust that a peaceful outcome is assured."
["Number 1365 relates to","(1+3+6+5=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
