["Number 3018 is a compilation of the energies of number 3, the attributes of number 0, the vibrations of number 1, and the values of number 8.","relates to self-expression and communication,",", optimism and enthusiasm, natural skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, creation and creativity, affability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also resonates with the vibrations of the",".","represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with.","resonates with independence and uniqueness, motivation, assertiveness and action, striving forward and new beginnings, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 brings a reminder that","and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","is the number of practicality, challenge, consideration, inner-strength and self-confidence, efficiency, self-discipline,","and good judgement, stability and self-sufficiency. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
"Angel Number 3018 brings a message to remain aware that you have free will to choose whatever you want to experience, and that there are always repercussions associated with your choices, be they positive or negative. Keep this in mind as you make your moment to moment choices. If you wish o create a life filled with love, it is up to you to make the choices that will lead to your desired outcome. Enhance and uplift your own life and that of others by choosing acts of kindness and compassion, and by expressing love and light in all that you do."
"Angel Number 3018 tells you not to buy into the fear and/or doubts that others may attempt to spread for their own agenda. Think for yourself and honour our own inner-knowing and gut feelings. You were born with all the unique talents and knowledge that you need for your mission in life, and you do not need to compare yourself to anyone else. Just be yourself and shine your own light."
"What you put out to the Universe comes back to you so keep a positive attitude to ensure that all in your life remains balanced and harmonious. Ensure that you only think positive and uplifting thoughts as you get what you expect, so make sure that you radiate positive, uplifting and joyous energies. Each and every person reaps with they sow, and like attracts like. The more you give love to others, the more you will receive in kind."
["Number 3018 relates to","(3+0+1+8=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
