["Number 1430 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 and number 4, and the attributes and energies of number 3 and the powerful number 0.","brings with it the"]
"attributes of initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and taking a fresh approach.  It also relates to motivation, striving"
["forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with patience and practicality, hard"]
"work and effort, building solid foundations, our passion and drive, and achieving success.  Number 4 relates to working determinedly towards achieving our goals and"
["aspirations, and resonates with the energies of the",".","relates to growth and expansion, sensitivity, self-expression, creativity, joy and optimism."]
["Number 3 is also the vibration of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked.  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the"]
["Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". The Masters are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within."]
"magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands for potential"
["and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey. Number 0 suggests that"]
"you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."
"Angel Number 1430 is a message from your angels to maintain a positive attitude and optimistic expectations in regards to all aspects of your life.  When you hold"
"positive thoughts it attracts positive energies and manifests desired outcomes.  Continue to put your will and efforts towards living your truths and walking your spiritual"
"path, safe in the knowledge that the angels, Ascended Masters and Archangels are guiding, assisting, supporting and encouraging you every step of the way."
"Angel Number 1430 suggests that you put some extra focus and effort towards your creative endeavours and personal interests.  If you have been considering a new"
"direction or beginning a new project or venture, now would be a most auspicious time to make that choice.  Trust that the work you do today will bring benefits to your"
"life in the future."
"Angel Number 1430 also encourages you to look at your current home and lifestyle and consider ways to uplift your environment in order to usher in more positive"
"energies.  Do not be afraid to express yourself with joy, optimism and creativity.  Add beauty to your environment and everyday life."
"Question whether your choices, values and actions match up.  Raise the standards of your actions rather than lower your values."
["Number 1430 relates to","(1+4+3+0=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
