["Number 1677 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations of number 7 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","promotes creation, progress, inspiration and intuition, new beginnings, striving forward, motivation and progress, uniqueness and individuality.  Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that",".","carries the vibrations of love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, caring and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, initiative, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles.","adds its attributes of mysticism,",",","and",", deep contemplation and introspection, discernment, learning and education, persistence of purpose,",",","and inner-knowing."]
["Angel Number 1677 is a message about your spiritual path and the monetary and financial aspects of your life. It encourages you to work towards gaining more spiritual knowledge and wisdom and incorporating it into your everyday life, and to trust that you and your family will be provided for and your needs met as you focus upon your","and soul promptings."]
["Angel Number 1677 is a sign of positive progress and","and advancement and  indicates that the work you are doing towards your spiritual aspirations are being encouraged and supported by the","and  they applaud you on your progress and urge you to keep up the great work you have been doing."]
["Angel Number 1677 also signifies your strong","which has opened the doorway to Divine and",". When you find yourself in the midst of a difficult situation, reach into the depths of your being and try to see a higher meaning and/or purpose.  Look upon it as an opportunity for soul growth. The","encourage you to continue on your current path and applaud your commitment and courage."]
["Number 1677 relates to","(1+6+7+7=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
