["Number 2704 is a combination of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 7, the influences of number 0, and the attributes of number 4.","resonates with finding balance and harmony, faith and trust, grace and devotion, encouragement and support, partnerships and relationships, and serving your","and",". The mystical","relates to study, learning and education, higher-knowledge,","and",", understanding others, persistence of purpose, inner-strength and inner-wisdom,","and",".","resonates with","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with.","is the number of honesty and integrity, patience, traditional values, hard work and responsibility, practicality and application, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 2704 tells you to continue to have faith and trust in your own abilities, skills and talents, put your focus on believing that you will achieve success and positive results, and put your energy into taking positive action towards your goals. Keep up the good work you have been doing and trust that your prayers and"
"have been heard and are being responded to by the"
"and higher realms. Expect wonderful blessings of all kinds to enter your life. And remember ... you deserve them."
"Angel Number 2704 may also be telling you that if you are considering expanding or beginning a"
"or heart-based service, the"
"will support and encourage you towards achieving success. You will need to put in some hard work and effort, but you will find long-term rewards and benefits for yourself and for those whom you serve.  Angel Number 2704 brings a message that when you do the work that is right for your heart and soul, you automatically attract abundance."
"Angel Number 2704 can indicate that a new line of study, research or learning is ahead of you. This can be in either an informal or formal setting. Use what you learn to guide your future."
["Number 2704 relates to","(2+7+0+4=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
