"Number 1989 is a compilation of the attributes and vibrations of number 1 and number 9, with number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, as well as the qualities of number 8."
"Number 1"
["relates to new beginnings, starting new ventures, self-reliance, tenacity, activity, independence, uniqueness, motivation and progress, achievement and attainment. Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with the attributes of leading others by positive example, humanitarianism and philanthropy, Divine wisdom, generosity and benevolence, strength of character,","and the",", your","and",". Number 9 also relates to conclusions and endings."]
"Number 8"
["adds its vibrations of","and personal power,","wealth,","and prosperity, dependability and reliability, skills and talents, good judgement and discernment, achieving success, giving and receiving and the concept of","-  the","."]
["Angel Number 1989 encourages you to review your life and look at it from a higher perspective. By evaluating your life up to the current moment you are able to learn from past mistakes and experiences, reveal changes to better fulfil your life",", find healing, and gain encouragement to seek new directions."]
["Angel Number 1989 may also indicate that a significant phase or cycle is ending in your life,  and if you have been feeling a sense of trepidation or anxiety, trust that these endings will allow for new opportunities to appear in your life that will open doors to beneficial new beginnings. This is happening for reasons that will become evident soon so do not lament their passing or ending, but rather, be open to your own passions and","as these are positive and productive focal points for you. Know that wonderful new opportunities are just ahead of you."]
["One door is beginning to open, and another door is closing. Be sure to listen to your intuition closely as it will guide you to take the steps that will ensure your steady","during these transitions. Release the past with love and","for the lessons and experiences it brought you, and look to the future with enthusiasm and confidence. Honour the best parts of yourself and share them with others. Allow your light to shine brightly, illuminating the way for others."]
["Number 1989 relates to","(1+9+8+9=27, 2+7=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
