["Number 1749 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 7, and the vibrations and influences of number 4 and number 9.","lends its vibrations of new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving for success, attainment and happiness.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to the Universal Energies, determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, thoughtfulness, understanding the self and others,","and",", mysticism,","and",". Number 7 also relates to study, education and learning.","brings its energies of patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, inner-wisdom, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and resonates with the energies of the",".","resonates with",", problem solving, leading by positive example, philanthropy and humanitarianism, generosity and benevolence. Number 9 also resonates with the",",","and the","."]
["Angel Number 1749 suggests that your ideas, thoughts, promptings and actions to do with your life path and","have been angelically guided and you have followed the directions with faith, diligence and integrity. If you feel the inclination to study, learn and expand your consciousness, Angel Number 1749 suggests that now is a most auspicious time to begin. Your plans and intentions are guiding and directing you towards the next major step/s along your spiritual path and your","encourage you to consider your true priorities. The","applaud your efforts and devotion to","and being a positive example for others to follow. Trust the messages and continue on your path."]
["Angel Number 1749 is a message of blessings and congratulations for courageously following your intuition and","as a",". Spend time and energy","and serving others as your soul dictates and you will find that your goals and aspirations will be met. Spiritual study is an effective way to help you to find deeper meaning and connection to your inner-self, and who you truly are."]
["Angel Number 1749 encourages you to focus your thoughts and intentions on completing an important task or project that is close to your heart. This venture or task is an important step in your Divine life path and","and must come to conclusion in order to clear the way for a new opportunity to take its place -  the next step in your spiritual journey."]
["Angel Number 1749 also suggests that you go back to an important project and complete it.",", assurance and energy to work on finishing what you started."]
["Number 1749 relates to","(1+7+4+9=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
