["Number 1495 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the attributes and influences of number 9 and number 5.","brings its"]
"vibrations of seeking happiness, attainment and fulfilment, fresh ideas, new beginnings and ventures, striving forward to achieve goals and aspirations.  Number 1 also"
["tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with the attributes of hard work and effort, building solid"]
"foundations, stability and practicality, honesty and integrity, system and order, dependability and our passion and drive in life.  Number 4 also relates to working"
["determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations and brings the energies of the",".","relates to the",", a higher"]
["perspective, the concept of",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,","and",".  Number 9 also"]
["denotes endings and conclusions.","encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom,"]
["and important changes, variety and versatility, adaptability, resourcefulness, activity and progress, and learning","through experience."]
"Angel Number 1495 suggests that the efforts you put into making positive changes in your life will have many long-term benefits.  These important changes will bring"
"about auspicious new opportunities for you to take full advantage of, and you will see an influx of abundance and success in your life, encouraging you to continue"
"confidently along your life path.  Live your personal truths and values and have faith that all is going to Divine plan."
"Angel Number 1495 indicates that the changes taking place in your life have been Divinely planned so that you can devote more of your focus and energy towards"
"following your true passions and soul’s urgings.  Pay attention to your recurring thoughts, ideas and impulses as they are guiding you towards the next steps along your"
"path. Trust the intuitive messages you are receiving at this time as they hold the answers to your prayers."
"Angel Number 1495 may also indicate that a significant cycle, phase or situation is coming to a close and you are going through a chain of events that will bring more"
["clarity and purpose to your","and life path.  New opportunities will present in your life and your inner and outer self will radiate with your positive growth"]
["and light, spreading outwards to others. Trust that the","are available to guide and assist you whenever you feel the need.  Just ask. They are always with you,"]
"waiting for your call."
"While it is essential to release the old so that change can take place, it is also essential to place attention on what you are creating."
["Number 1495 relates to","(1+4+9+5=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
