"Number 2001 is made up of the energies of number 2, the attributes and influences of number 0, and the vibrations of number 1."
"Number 2"
["relates to balance and harmony, diplomacy and co-operation, love and understanding, grace and kindness, sensitivity and selflessness, sociability and support. Number 2 also relates to your","and service to others."]
"Number 0"
["resonates with eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow and the beginning point, and also stands for potential and/or choice. When number 0 presents and recurs it relates to","and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
"Number 1"
["encourages creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","Angel Number 2001 brings a message of encouragement from your angels to have a","and to stay grounded and balance and maintain faith and trust in yourself, as this will","and encourage positive results in all aspects of your life. Keep your mind-set and thought patterns aligned with your","and trust that things will go in your desired direction and outcomes will be favourable and beneficial to you. The","are with you, supporting and helping you with any doubts or fears you may have. Have faith in yourself, the Divine Energies and your",", as they are surrounding you with love and healing and are available for guidance and assistance anytime you ask.","Step out of your comfort zone and take new directions and/or begin new projects and ventures that you have been wanting to do for some time now. Get started on projects that have been on hold and do not allow excuses to hold you back any longer. Angel Number 2001 encourages you to release your fears and apprehensions and get on with pursuing your passions and",".","Angel Number 2001 may also suggest that it is time to usher some fresh, new positive energies into your home and family life. Bring some love into your home by redecorating and/or refurbishing, spring cleaning, de-cluttering or simply sprucing up your living environment. Add some freshness to your home and surroundings with a view to upgrading and reinvigorating your environment as a positive atmosphere fosters positive energies and brings fresh ideas and inspiration."]
["Number 2001 relates to","(2+0+0+1=3) and","."]
["New ideas and concepts are coming to you, and your","encourage you to stretch the horizons of your mind. Follow through with your intuitive urgings as you will inspire those around you, as well as expand your own life in positive ways."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
