["Number 2197 relates to","(2+1+9+7=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"Number 2197 is a blend of the energies and influences of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and attributes of number 9 and number 7."
"Number 2"
["brings its influences of adaptability and co-operation, mediation and diplomacy, finding balance and harmony, consideration for others, flexibility and grace, faith and trust and","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions."]
"Number 9"
["encourages leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, strength of character, seeing things from a higher perspective, influence, responsibility, selflessness, the","and the concept of",". Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."]
"Number 7"
["relates to seeking knowledge, study, education and learning, determination and persistence of purpose, faith and spirituality, inner-strength and inner-knowing, understanding others,","and compassion,",", mysticism and",".","Angel Number 2197 can indicate that you have completed a major phase or cycle in your life and this has brought closure to projects and ways of doing and ‘being’. Your","support and encourage you to continue along your path, knowing that you are heading in the right direction. Maintain an optimistic and","about your choices and actions and know that you are well supported by the","and Universal Energies. You have an important","and the angels encourage you to express your natural talents in ways that will help others.","Angel Number 2197 encourages you to try something new and get excited about your life.  Stretch yourself beyond what you think you can do and learn new skills that will help you in other areas of your life. When you follow your own heart you will find yourself growing in wisdom and courage, and responding to others with love, open-ness and compassion.","The","suggest that you have a natural gift for delivering just the right advice, guidance, insight and messages to others, and they encourage you to look to a",", or heart-based service. Your heart will tell you whether your spiritual work will consist of speaking, writing, counselling, healing or some other form of self-expression. Ask the","to help you with your spiritual work.","Angel Number 2197 may suggest that if you feel inclined to pursue a",", career and/or profession or heart-based venture or project, now is a most auspicious time to do so. It is time to accept and","and use them to benefit yourself and others in a","capacity. Every one has a unique purpose in this world, and all of our heartbreaks, struggles, opportunities and gifts are part of what prepares us to make our own unique contribution to the world."]
