["Number 1483 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the attributes and influences of number 8 and number 3.","tells us that"]
"with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.  It resonates with the vibrations of creation, beginning new projects and ventures with a view to"
["achieving success, tenacity and self-reliance, inspiration, happiness and fulfilment.","resonates with patience, truth and integrity, practicality, working steadily"]
"towards goals and aspirations, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also resonates with"
["the energies of the",".","brings its vibrations of personal power and authority, self-confidence, self-sufficiency, good judgement,",", truth"]
["and integrity, dependability and self-reliance,","wealth and abundance,","and the",".","relates to"]
"courage, skills and talents, creativity, open-mindedness, self-expression and communication, joy, optimism and enthusiasm, growth and expansion. Number 3 also"
["resonates with the vibrations of the",". The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with"]
". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within."
["Angel Number 1483 is","that you are currently receiving Divine guidance and inspired ideas and thoughts from your",".  Your requests and"]
"prayers for assistance with the financial and career aspects of your life have been heard and are being responded to and answered by the"
[".  Keeping a","and consciously","(eg.",") will attract all that you need to maintain and sustain"]
"you along your path.  Expect money to come from unexpected sources, and little miracles to take place in your life every day."
["If you are being prompted to begin or expand a","(or any other work that helps others), Angel Number 1483 suggests"]
"that it is a great time to look to pursuing this avenue of work. Trust that you have all the skills, talents and abilities to succeed at whatever you put your heart and soul"
"towards, and remember to express yourself in ways that are fulfilling and uplifting for yourself and others. If feeling any fears, doubts or concerns,"
"for guidance and support."
"Angel Number 1483 suggests that the patience, discipline and hard work you have put into achieving your goals and aspirations have been acknowledged by the higher"
["realms.  Your determination and work done well in the past is bringing you rewards today.  Your","encourage you to keep up the great work in order to continue to"]
"achieve and attain your desired results and outcomes.  As you work diligently towards achieving your goals you will find success on many levels."
"Use your personal tenacity and strive to achieve your goals no matter what they are.  Trust that you have the natural skills, talents and abilities to achieve all that you put"
"your heart and soul towards.  Give out love and positive energies and they are returned to you, multiplied."
["Number 1483 relates to","(1+4+8+3=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
