"Number 2639 brings together the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 6, and the vibrations and qualities of number 3 and number 9."
"Number 2"
["resonates with duality and balance, partnership and relationships, diplomacy and adaptability, sensitivity and selflessness. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 6"
["relates to possessions, the material and monetary aspects, home and family, love and nurturing, service and domesticity, responsibility and reliability,","and",", honesty and integrity, problem-solving and solution-finding."]
"Number 3"
["brings growth and expansion, sensitivity, self-expression and communication, creativity,",", spontaneity, broad-minded thinking, joy and optimism. Number 3 also relates to the","."]
"Number 9"
["is the number of Universal love, the",", duty and calling,",", leading and teaching others by positive example, influence, a higher perspective, high ideals and",". Number 9 also denotes endings, conclusions and closure.","Angel Number 2639 tells you to heed your intuition and trust it as it serves as your inner-radar and tells you where you are now and where you need to go in life. Your intuition also tells you about the people you know and encounter and the situations you are in. The people in your life bring","to teach you (and vice versa) and are also indicators of the energies you are projecting out to the Universe. Do you attract people who are loving, happy, healthy, successful; or do you attract those that are discontent and unhappy, critical or negative? Remember that ‘like attracts like’, so take responsibility for the choices you make and the company you keep. Listening to your intuition brings more clarity, allowing for better decision-making and problem-solving, allowing you to move forward in your life with confidence and grace.","Release emotions that drain and deplete you. Find time for meditation in order to release any stress, anxiety or tensions and to re-centre yourself. If you focus upon your emotions and energy flow you will know what needs to be released."]
["Number 2639 relates to","(2+6+3+9=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
["Angel Number 2639 may also suggest that any aspects of your life that may be coming to an end and/or close will allow for new opportunities to arise that will assist you with serving your","in a manner that will utilize your unique set of skills, talents and abilities.  Be true to yourself and your chosen path as each","receives his or her own unique assignments (or",") concerning how to help with healing the world."]
