["Number 1152 is made up of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the energies and influences of number 5 and number 2.","resonates with creation and new beginnings, courage, ambition, positivity and self-reliance, inspiration and ambition, achievement and success. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 1 appearing together resonates with the Master Number 11.  The"
"relates to the principles of"
"and"
","
"illumination, high energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity.  The message of the Master Number 11 is that to connect with our"
"higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
["adds its vibrations of auspicious new opportunities,",", major life changes, learning lessons through experience, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness and personal freedom, fun and vitality.","imbues its vibrations of"]
"balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and"
"and"
".  Number 1152 is a number of making new beginnings and fresh starts, living your personal truths, and finding balance and stability in your"
"life.  It is also a number of personal strength and conviction."
["Angel Number 1152 is","to expect changes to come about sooner than expected.  These changes may come about through unexpected and miraculous ways.  Stay","and maintain faith and trust that these changes are taking place for your highest good.","and appreciative of what these changes will bring into your life."]
["Angel Number 1152 asks you to have faith and trust in yourself and the decisions and choices you have made in regards to making current life changes. Trust that these changes will bring auspicious circumstances and new opportunities to enhance and enrich your life.  These changes will also bring you into perfect alignment with","and",".  Adapt to changes with grace and","."]
"Angel Number 1152 indicates that your wants, needs and desires are coming to fruition due to the recent or current changes you are making, and the angels ask you to keep up the good work you have been doing."
["Number 1152 relates to","(1+1+5+2=8) and","."]
