["Number 1709 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 7, and the attributes and influences of number 0 and number 9.","brings its vibrations of new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving for success, attainment and happiness.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with the mystical influences of",",","and",", inner-knowing,",",","and understanding others, peace, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose, learning, study and education.","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands for potential and/or choice and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey. It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 also relates to",".","resonates with lightworking and humanitarianism, service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example, conclusions and endings. Number 9 also relates to the",", the",", and serving your","."]
["Angel Number 1709 is a reminder that","with your values, self-beliefs, desires, wishes, prayers, decisions and actions. Your thoughts, visions and intuitive feelings about aspects of your","are successfully guiding you in the right direction and you are being led towards the answer to your prayers. Listen to your inner-self and follow the steps that the","are now communicating to you through your thoughts, intuition and dreams."]
["Angel Number 1709 is","that you are to focus your thoughts, attention and intentions on completing a task/project/or situation that is of importance to you. This circumstance, venture or task is an important step in your life path and must come to an end in order to clear the way for a new opportunity to take its place -  the next step along your spiritual journey."]
["Angel Number 1709 also suggests that you have been following Divine guidance and putting your spiritual knowledge and","into practice. You are encouraged to live your life with courage, truth and integrity and be a positive example for others for others to follow."]
"Continue shining your light."
["Number 1709 relates to","(1+7+0+9=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
