["Number 2981 is a combination of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 9, the attributes of number 8, and the qualities of number 1.","resonates with your intuition and insight, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, receptivity and love, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust, and your","and",".","is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions and the",".","relates to the concept of","and the",",",", personal power and authority,","material",", decisiveness,","and good judgement, inner-strength, dependability and self-confidence.","resonates with creation and new beginnings, progress, inspiration and intuition, striving forward, uniqueness and individuality, motivation and progress,","and stepping out of our comfort zones."]
["Angel Number 2981 brings a message to pay attention to your inner-visions, ideas and dreams as your","tell you what is really going on for you at that point in time. If you examine your values, beliefs and dreams in the context of who you truly are and where you are in your life, you may begin to recognize a shift. Once you align the values and beliefs of your","and your soul, you will find that the Universal Energies will work with you to turn your dreams to reality."]
["Angel Number 2981 also tells of the energy or power within you that lovingly guides and directs you to your perfect path in every way; health, wealth, relationships and general living. In order to tap into that energy or power you need to be willing to go within and","and repeating patterns in your life. True strength lies within you and you are able to call upon it at any time."]
["Angel Number 2981 brings a message to review your","and recognize your true principles, values and beliefs. You have the power to choose whether you use your skills and talents, or let them go to waste. Always choose to use them as you have them for a purpose."]
["Angel Number 2981 may be indicating that if you have been considering beginning or expanding a heart-centred service or project, or a",", now may be a most auspicious time to do so. Trust that you will have all that you will need as you progress along your path and have faith and trust in yourself and your","."]
["Number 2981 relates to","(2+9+8+1=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
