["Number 1149 is made up of the attributes of number 1 appearing twice (amplifying its influences) and the energies of number 4 and number 9.","brings its vibrations of happiness, attainment and fulfilment, fresh ideas, new beginnings and ventures, and striving forward to achieve goals and aspirations.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones."]
"Number 1 appearing twice resonates with the"
".  Number 11 resonates with the principles of mysticism,"
"and enlightenment, self-expression and sensitivity, illumination and creative idealism, inspiration and intuition.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"resonates with service and duty, patience and application, dependability and stability, establishing solid foundations, system and order, progress and achieving goals.  Number 4 relates to our passion"
"and drive in life."
"relates to leadership and leading by positive example,"
"and serving humanity, philanthropy and benevolence,"
"and"
", Divine wisdom, idealism and problem-solving.  Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."
["Angel Number 1149 is","to pay attention to your recurring thoughts, ideas and impulses, as they are guiding you towards the next steps along your spiritual path. Trust the intuitive messages you are receiving at this time as they hold the answers to your prayers."]
["Angel Number 1149 is a message that the financial aspects of your life will be taken care of as you","and",".  The steps that you have put into place have paved the way for future success."]
["Repeating Angel Number 1149 can be a message that your angels are with you as you step through a new door of opportunity. Your angels ask that you focus on your goals, aspirations and",", and remember to","along the way."]
"Angel Number 1149 also reminds you that when you take excellent care of yourself, everyone benefits.  Take the time to give yourself a relaxing treat to soothe the mind, body and soul."
["Number 1149 relates to","(1+1+4+9=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
