"Number 1996 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 1, the energies of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the qualities of number 6."
"Number 1"
["brings its attributes of creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that we","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with leadership and leading by positive example, the","and the concepts of","and",", altruism and benevolence, your",",","and service to humanity. Number 9 also indicates endings, closures and conclusion."]
"Number 6"
"adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, problem-solving and solution-finding, provision and providing and the material aspects of life."
["Number 1996 relates to","(1+9+9+6=25, 2+5=7) and","."]
["Angel Number 1996 may indicate that something in your life is about to leave or come to an end and will be replaced with something better suited. It is time to let go of a situation (living arrangement, career or relationship) that has now ran its course and the","wish to remind you that as one door closes, another opens. Your angels are helping to resolve and transmute fear and sorrow, resentment and regrets, to reveal the possibility of finding a new truth, and a new sense of hope and faith. Reconsider your true values and inner-truths and live accordingly. Be open to new opportunities and give any fears or concerns to your","for healing and transmutation. Release the ‘false’ from your life and strive to be your authentic self. Stay focused on positive outcomes and know that your angels support you, always.","Angel Number 1996 also encourages you to focus upon on your",", as now is the time to fully live your personal truths and pursue your spiritual path. Trust that as you serve your","you will be leading and teaching others by positive example, and all of your monetary and material needs will be provided in order to assist and sustain you.","Take action on the ideas, thoughts and promptings you have been experiencing and follow your intuition and the","regarding your true",". Trust yourself, and trust your path."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
