"Number 1012 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the vibrations of number 0, and the qualities of number 2."
["relates to assertiveness, striving forward and new beginnings, inspiration, motivation, independence and uniqueness, action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["is associated with balance, harmony, duality, peace, adaptability, service to others, diplomacy, receptivity and love, charm, understanding others, mediation and co-operation, consideration, faith and trust, your",", support and encouragement."]
"Angel Number 1012 represents cycles of experience and regeneration towards a higher consciousness, knowledge and higher wisdom, sensitivity, education and the intellect."
"The ‘go-getting’ number 1 blended with the powerful number 0 and the ‘sensitive’ number 2 makes number 1012 a very balanced number."
["Angel Number 1012 is","not to be hindered by old habits that need to be changed. It tells you to look to new experiences with optimism as they will bring about favourable and positive effects and opportunities. This helps with achieving goals and aspirations, and allows for the ‘old’ to be replaced with the ‘new’. Angel Number 1012 encourages you to be yourself."]
["When Angel Number 1012 appears your","may be telling you to look to different ways to enhance your home, garden and surrounds. This includes matters within the house and family arena. Use the art of","to usher more positive energies into your life and your environment and surround yourself with love and gaiety."]
["Angel Number 1012 brings","to ensure that what you put out to the Universe is of a positive nature."]
"Be diplomatic, co-operative and loving when relating to others, appreciate and cherish your loved ones, and be thankful that they are a part of your life."
"Stay on a positive path and use your natural skills, talents and abilities to their utmost for the benefit of yourself and others."
["Number 1012 also relates to","(1+0+1+2=4) and","."]
"See also:"
["(",",",",",",",",",",  etc)"]
"Angel Number 12"
"Angel Number 112"
"Angel Number 120"
"Angel Number 121"
