["Number 1940 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 9, and the vibrations and influences of number 4 and number 0.","relates to new beginnings, motivation and progress, inspiration, attainment, self-leadership and assertiveness, achievement and success, fulfilment and omniscience. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with the",", a higher perspective,","and",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","resonates with truth and integrity, practicality, working steadily towards goals and aspirations, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.","relates to the ‘God’ force and Universal Energies and reinforces, amplifies and magnifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with. Number 0 resonates with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
"Angel Number 1940 brings"
"that you are to use your natural"
"talents, skills and interests to help the world awaken and heal. Your positive love and light is much needed at this time and your"
"encourage you to follow through with your goals and aspirations to do with your spiritual path and"
". Stay alert to the signs and guidance given through your dreams, thoughts, intuition and feelings  -  then take positive action."
"Angel Number 1940 may indicate that some work you have been doing or a project that you have been working on is coming to a positive conclusion. Trust that success will be achieved and you will reap rewards for the work, effort and determination you have expelled. Wonderful new opportunities will present to you in the near future setting you on an auspicious new course or direction."
["Devote time and effort towards your true desires and priorities. Pay special attention to your intuitive feelings and thoughts, and follow the guidance as it is giving you directions about your next steps. Know that your","support and encourage you."]
["Number 1940 relates to","(1+9+4+0=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
