["Number 644 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 6 and number 4, with the number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","relates to the material and monetary aspects of life,","and",", providing and provision, love of home, family and domesticity, compromise, idealism, stability and poise, problem-solving and solution-finding.","resonates with wisdom and patience, application, endurance, stability, personal drive, ability, traditional values, conviction and building solid foundations. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 644 encourages you to see yourself in a higher light (as your true self), and your","are helping to boost your self-esteem and belief in yourself. Your","requires that you be your authentic self and work at your most brilliance. Stay grounded and focused, knowing that your angels surround and support you as you work on your","and path."]
["Your","caution you that too much of your focus is on the material world. They ask you to surrender your worries to them so that they can intervene on your behalf. The energy of stress and worry repels the Universal energies of abundance and prosperity; therefore, your angels ask that you keep a positive frame of mind and an optimistic attitude to enable your angels to work their magic in your life."]
["Angel Number 644 also asks that you acknowledge the discipline and hard work you have put into your endeavours in the past, and know that they will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones.Take heart that your determination and effort has been well worth your while, and your","encourage you to keep up the great work. Know that your needs will be met due to your diligence and determination to succeed."]
"If you really want something in your life you must put your intention behind it, focus upon it and work towards it. Be willing to devote time and energy towards achieving your goals and aspirations. Make them a priority in your life and keep in mind that patience is a stepping stone to wisdom."
["Number 644 relates to","(6+4+4=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
