["Number 2814 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 2 and number 8, and the vibrations and qualities of number 1 and number 4.","is the number of intuition and insight, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, understanding, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust, and your","and",".","resonates with",", practicality, personal power and authority, a desire for peace and a love of humanity,","and good judgement, giving and receiving and the",";",".","promotes striving forward and pursuing goals, instinct and intuition, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, changes, new beginnings and starting afresh. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","is associated with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 2814 brings a message to spend time evaluating your present job/career and decide how fulfilling and healthy it is for you. Other than just ‘money’, how does your work nourish and support you, and how do you feel about it? Be honest with yourself. Is it time for a change? If so, take positive action to seek out a more suitable and fulfilling path. Do whatever you need to do to create a more content and love-filled life for yourself. Trust yourself to know what you need to do, and listen to what your heart and intuition are telling you. Only you know your true desires so make plans and take action in the direction your instincts lead you and do what it takes to love, nurture and care for your own wellbeing on all levels. No one is in charge of your happiness and how you feel about yourself but you."
["Angel Number 2814 tells you to ask for what you want and need with clarity and conviction and be open and receptive to the infinite abundance and benevolence of the Universe. Accept and","for your blessings as the more grateful you are the more reasons you will have to be evermore grateful. Have faith and trust in your own skills, talents and abilities and the power of the Universal Energies and know that you will find success in all that you put your heart, mind and efforts towards."]
"“Feeding and nurturing our intuition, and living a life in which we can make use of its wisdom, is one key way to thrive, at work and in life.”  -"
["Number 2814 relates to","(2+8+1+4=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
