["Number 2171 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+1+7+1=11, 1+1=2)."]
"Number 2171 is a compilation of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of the mystical number 7."
"Number 2"
["resonates with balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, diplomacy and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and pursuing your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["brings changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. Number 1 carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, and relates to","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with","and awareness, personal development and",", mysticism,","and",", evolution, persistence of purpose, contemplation and introspection, seeking knowledge, study, education and learning.","Angel Number 2171 is a message to continue doing the spiritual, emotional and mental work you have been doing as they are having positive effects on your life on many levels. Give any doubts, fears or worries to the","for healing and transmutation and trust that your doubts and/or concerns will be replaced with faith, self-belief and confidence. The","encourage and support you and are with you for guidance and assistance whenever you ask for it.","Angel Number 2171 encourages you to research and investigate things for yourself before stepping forward, and follow your own instincts and intuition as they will lead you in the right direction. All that you need to know will be revealed to you in Divine right time, so be open to cryptic and","and obvious synchronicities. When miracles and synchronicities happen in your life you know that your","are with you, giving you the courage to make","that will help you to work on your",". It is also a message to look to new and different ways of expanding and practicing your",".","don’t provide you with answers, but rather, help you to connect with your intuitive power where clear-knowing resides, serving to illuminate the truth that is already within you."]
