["Number 1317 is a combination of the energies of number 1 (appearing doubled, amplifying its influences), and the attributes of number 3 and number 7.","brings with it the vibrations of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach, courage and motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with optimism and inspiration, ‘faith, hope and charity’, communication, encouragement and assistance, natural talent and skills, enthusiasm and joy.  Number 3 resonates with the energies of the",", and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They  help you to find peace, clarity and love within.","vibrates with the mystical influences of the esoteric, peace,",",","and",", inner-knowing, compassion and understanding others, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose and your serving your","."]
["Angel Number 1317 is","that your positive expectations, prayers and","have set you on your course and ‘right’ life path.  Your angels ask that you keep up the great work and keep affirming positive outcomes."]
["The","are sending you positive energies to boost your enthusiasm, confidence and",".  Be open to wonderful new opportunities and expect ‘good’ in your life.  Do not be afraid to express your truths and values in positive and uplifting ways. Mystical, spiritual experiences are occurring in your life due to your increased","and openness."]
["Angel Number 1317 is a message of ‘congratulations’ from your",".  Your recent life choices, decisions and changes have paved the way for a bright and auspicious future.  Your clear connection with the angels is ensuring a strong channel of communication and you are receiving Divine guidance every step of the way.","whenever you feel the need for help and support.  You are encouraged to continue on your current path, and the angels and Masters support you in your quest."]
["Number 1317 is related to","(1+3+1+7=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
