"Number 1516 is a compilation of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, magnifying its influences, and the vibrations and attributes of number 5 and number 6."
"brings the qualities of new beginnings, striving forward, new opportunities, activity and assertiveness, tenacity, achievement and success.  Number 1 also"
["tells you that","with your intentions, thoughts and beliefs.","resonates with the attributes of","and important"]
["changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way and learning","through"]
["experience.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and"]
"others, and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles."
"Angel Number 1516 indicates that the changes you are making in your life will ensure that your monetary and financial obligations as well as all of your day-to-day"
["needs are met.  The","are assisting you with current important changes in your life and are making sure that all goes according to Divine plan.  Trust that these"]
"changes are for your highest good and will usher wonderful new opportunities and auspicious circumstances into your life.  Trust that all obstacles will be overcome"
["and all problems solved.","for guidance and assistance whenever you feel the need."]
"Angel Number 1516 suggests that you are fully supported as you take the opportunity to make positive changes to your career, employment, home or residence or"
"relationship issue/s.  You know exactly which changes need to be made and it is up to you to make them as only you can. These changes will prove to be most beneficial"
"and will fully prepare you for the next step or stage in your life. Do not allow any negative or fearful thoughts to deter you from making the changes you desire, and have"
"faith and trust that your material needs will be taken care of during the process.  Listen to your intuitive messages and take action as guided and you will be most pleased"
"with the end results."
["Angel Number 1516 reminds you that you must do your part in the","process within your life.  Listen to your","and intuition, use"]
["your","and abilities, and focus your attention, intentions and actions towards achieving successful results and outcomes in your life. Your determination"]
["to positively change your life (eg. career, home, finances etc) is being Divinely guided, therefore, listen to your intuition and the","and pursue the"]
"course of action that takes you closer to living your personal truths."
["Number 1516 relates to","(1+5+1+6=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
