"Number 1474 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 4 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the vibrations of the mystical"
["number 7.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative,"]
["changes, new beginnings and starting afresh.  Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to working"]
"determinedly towards achieving your goals and aspirations. It tells of hard work and effort, building solid foundations, motivation, stability and practicality, system and"
["order and your passion and drive.  Number 4 resonates with the energies of the",".","relates with the attributes of",","]
["and",", mysticism and",",","and understanding others, persistence of purpose, independence and individualism. Number 7 also relates"]
"to study, education and learning of all kinds."
"Angel Number 1474 indicates that you have been making very positive life choices and putting your will and efforts towards achieving both your physical/material goals"
["and your spiritual aspirations.  It is a message that you have listened to the",", and as a result you have set yourself on your right life path.  Angel"]
["Number 1474 is a message that you are","into your life through your day to day activities and spiritual practices. The angels surround"]
"and support your great work and positive intentions. Trust that you are heading in the right direction and are being guided by the angels as you walk your spiritual path."
["Angel Number 1474 may also be indicating that if you are considering expanding or beginning a",", the angels will support"]
"and encourage you towards achieving success.  Also, if looking to take up a course of study, now would be a most auspicious time to begin. You will need to put in some"
["hard work and effort, but you will find long-term rewards and benefits for yourself and for those whom you serve.","when feeling any doubts or"]
"fears as to your path."
"Notice the insistent and repetitive thoughts, feels and impressions that come to you and listen to your intuition and inner-guidance.  Listen out for messages and look for"
"signals and signposts in your life. Put your focus on believing that you will achieve success and positive results, and put your energy into taking positive action towards"
"your goals.  Expect positive results and you will receive positive results."
"Angel Number 1474 encourages you to shine your Divine light and love upon the Earth and all of its inhabitants. Use your personal skills, determination and wisdom for"
"the betterment of yourself and others."
["Number 1474 relates to","(1+4+7+4=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
