["Number 2960 brings together the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 9, the energies of number 6, and the influences of number 0.","is the number of faith and trust, finding balance and harmony, caution, diplomacy and mediation, service to others, love, compassion and selflessness, encouragement and happiness. Number 2 also resonates with serving your","and",".","relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","is associated with the monetary and financial aspects of life, economy, provision and providing for home and family,","and",", mediation and compromise, responsibility, nurturing, care, empathy and sympathy, solution-finding and problem-solving.","represents the Universal Energies, the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
"Angel Number 2960 brings a message to reconsider and re-define your perspectives and the bigger picture of your life. Take a good, hard look at your true beliefs and values and find out what is real for you and what is not. Re-evaluate the process you are undergoing, and rid yourself of any fears, negative feelings or perceived barriers, and if feeling fearful about any aspect/s of your life you are encouraged to see them for what they are, then gather the courage to push through them. Fear depletes your energies and closes you to spiritual guidance, personal development, growth and transformation. When you focus on your fears you become paralyzed, unbalanced, tense and/or anxious, and this discourages you from clearly seeing and nourishing the positive areas of your life and from seeking positive solutions. The more energy focused upon fear makes its presence become a larger part of your reality and can bring feelings of despair and disillusionment. Make a conscious decision to place your focus away from fear and onto things that uplift you and that will allow for clarity, appropriate solutions and positive results to be found."
["Angel Number 2960 also tells you to trust in your ability to find your own way. Only you know what is right for you, and it is up to you to make it so. Express your own power of self-direction and action. Trust that your choices and actions are the right ones for you. When you are on the right path, the Universe brings you signs of alignment to let you know that you are in flow with your","."]
"Uncover and discover your own Divinity."
["Number 2960 relates to","(2+9+6+0=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
