"Number 948 is made up of the vibrations and energies of number 9 and number 4, and the influences of number 8."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, duty and calling, sensitivity, benevolence, altruism and","."]
["resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, conscientiousness, progress, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and relates to the energies of the","."]
["is associated with personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, dependability,","and self-reliance, and","wealth and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
"Angel Number 948 can be a message about your career and lifestyle choices and encourages you to try new and/or different things. Take notice of exactly where you are in your life as only by knowing and acknowledging where you are and how you feel are you able to make improvements and changes that suit who you truly are, and how you wish your life to be."
["Become aware of your true priorities, truths and soul desires and form clear intentions. If you are in a job or career that does not satisfy you, seek another. If you are unhappy with where you are in any way in your life, step into your own power and move forward with confidence and",". It is time to regain your personal power and allow yourself to blossom into your full potential in every way."]
"Angel Number 948 brings a message of encouragement from the"
"as you have been working diligently towards serving your"
"as your soul dictates.The"
"support you in your"
"and are guiding you along your chosen path. Trust that your efforts and intentions will advance you along your spiritual path and you will reap your well-earned rewards."
["Angel Number 948 indicates that your material and financial wants and needs will be met as you continue toiling on your","."]
"The"
"support and guide you as you focus on your"
"as a"
". Trust that you will"
"all that you require as you need it along the way. A"
"ll is going to Divine plan in your life and all is well."
["Number 948 relates to","(9+4+8=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
