["Number 1689 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and qualities of number 8 and number 9.","relates to creation and new beginnings, motivation, progress, intuition and inspiration, happiness and positivity, initiative and assertiveness, attainment, achieving success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its attributes of ability and stability, provision and providing and the monetary and material aspects of life, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others, simplicity, reliability and responsibility, problem-solving and the ability to compromise.","adds its energies of personal power and authority,",", dependability and self-confidence,",", discernment and good judgement. Number 8 also resonates with the concept of",", and the",".","carries the vibrations of leading by positive example, humanitarianism and philanthropy, a higher perspective, generosity and charity, your Divine","and",",","and the",".  Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1689 is a message about your lifestyle and career choices and the","guide and support you as you focus on your","as a",". If you are considering focusing on beginning (or expanding) a",", Angel Number 1689 is a positive message that you will find success in your chosen venture. It is a message to prompt you towards fulfilling your true","."]
["Angel Number 1689 may indicate that something of significance is coming to an end or conclusion in your life. This may set off a chain-reaction with other related and unrelated situations or issues also drawing to a close as a result.  You may currently be experiencing obstacles and hinderances, but this is all happening for reasons that will become clear to you in due course. Trust that your needs will be met during this time and the Universe fully supports you in your","and","."]
"Angel Number 1689 suggests that positive news or information about forthcoming changes that involve the completion or conclusion of an intense circumstance or situation is on its way. Once this is over with, things will begin to flow with more ease and fluidity in your life."
"If you have been intuitively feeling that a part of your life is coming to a close or end, Angel Number 1689 is validation for you."
["Number 1689 relates to","(1+6+8+9=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
