"Number 1364 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 3, and the attributes and influences of number 6 and number 4."
"contributes its vibrations of optimism, intuition and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, motivation and activity, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving"
["forward and progress.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with growth and"]
"expansion, optimism and enthusiasm, creativity, self-expression and communication, encouragement and assistance.  Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the"
", and indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within"
["yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","relates to possessions, the material"]
"and monetary aspects, home and family, love and nurturing, service and domesticity, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity, problem-solving and solution-"
["finding.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity,",", and diligence and"]
["determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose in life, and resonates with the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 1364 is a message that you are to be open to accepting your ‘good’ in order to receive it.  Release any fears of lack or loss to your angels for healing and"
"transmutation.  Trust that your hard work, will and efforts are being acknowledged and rewarded.  You can expect an influx of income, a pay-rise, promotion and a"
"positive career change soon."
"Angel Number 1364 is a sign to give any fears or concerns about your financial situation to the Heavens.  Have faith that the"
"are working behind the scenes to ensure that you will always have enough to sustain and maintain you and your lifestyle."
"Angel Number 1364 encourages a fresh perspective and a renewed dedication to achieving your goals and aspirations.  Trust that everything you need comes to you in"
"the perfect time, space and sequence."
["Number 1364 relates to","(1+3+6+4=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
