"Number 2021 is a blend of the energies of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and vibrations of number 0 and number 1."
"Number 2"
["relates to duality and balance, partnerships and relationships, co-operation and diplomacy, receptivity and love. It also resonates with serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["resonates with eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow and the beginning point, and also stands for potential and/or choice. When number 0 presents and recurs it relates to","."]
"Number 1"
["encourages creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","Angel Number 2021 encourages you to stay focused on your highest ideals and expectations as the","and Universal Energies are working behind the scenes helping and guiding you in many unseen ways. There may be some new opportunities or directions for you to take that will lead you towards new and exciting situations and circumstances, so pay attention to your","and the","and",", then take positive action. Trust that you are lovingly supported and surrounded by your","who are offering constant guidance and assistance.","Angel Number 2021 brings a powerful message reminding you to maintain a","in regards to a current situation or issue and be optimistic about the outcome as this will manifest your desired result/s. We are given plenty of obstacles along our paths, so do not allow yourself to become one of them. Release your fears and apprehensions, stay on a positive path and use your natural skills, talents and abilities for the benefit of yourself and others. Show initiative and tenacity and step out of your comfort zone as it is time to take new directions and/or begin new projects and ventures that your soul has been urging you towards. Take on challenges and changes with confidence and courage, and trust that your","are by your side and are guiding your every step.","Remain calm, balanced and happy and you will find that all will work out for your highest good."]
["Number 2021 relates to","(2+0+2+1=5) and","."]
["*","- The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
