"Number 1142 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences), mixed with the attributes and energies of number 4 and number 2."
"relates to new beginnings, ambition and motivation, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness.  Number 1 also relates to creating our own actions with our thoughts, beliefs and actions, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones."
"Number 1 appearing twice resonates with the"
".  Number 11 resonates with the principles of mysticism,"
"and"
", self-expression and sensitivity, illumination and creative idealism, inspiration and intuition.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-"
"selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, patience and practicality, system and order, establishing solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 relates"
"to our passion and drive in life.  Number 2 carries the vibrations of duality and finding balance, partnership and relationships, diplomacy and adaptability, sensitivity and selflessness."
"also resonates with faith and trust and"
"and"
"."
"Angel Number 1142 suggests that if you are going through a difficult and/or trying situation at the moment, your angels ask you to be patient and trust all will work out for your highest good, so maintain faith and trust and expect good outcomes."
["Angel Number 1142 tells you that you can ask for extra","with a long-term project or new venture you are considering. Be aware of opportunities presenting in your life, and trust that they are appearing for good reason.  Take up these opportunities with trust and faith that they are for your betterment and will help you to achieve long-term success."]
["Angel Number 1142 suggests that using","and maintaining an","has helped you to achieve a clear","and the angelic realm.  Have faith and trust that your angels have heard you and surround you with love, light and support."]
"Angel Number 1142 asks you to have faith, trust and hope, as there is something positive and new on the horizon that you cannot yet see."
["Number 1142 relates to","(1+1+4+2=8) and","."]
