["Number 1921 is made up of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and vibrations of number 9 and number 2.","resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds you that you","with your beliefs, thoughts and actions, and encourages you to stretch yourself past your comfort zone.","adds its influences of leading by positive example, l",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, strength of character, a higher perspective, generosity and benevolence. Number 9 also relates to the","and the concepts of","and",".","relates to service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, co-operation and diplomacy, selflessness, sociability and support, attention to detail, decisiveness, consideration and receptivity, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and serving your Divine","."]
"Angel Number 1921 is"
"to have trust and faith in your visions, ideas and thoughts as they are giving you guidance and direction in regards to the next steps to take along your life path. Trust that your"
"support and encourage you every step of the way and ask for their guidance and assistance any time you feel the need. When"
"help you, you contain that light and can use it to help, heal and comfort others."
"Angel Number 1921 can suggest that if you have misplaced or lost something in your life, the Universe is"
"something positive for you to take its’ place. This may also relate to a situation, relationship or circumstance that may be coming to an end. Trust that wonderful new beginnings and/or directions are indicated for you and everything is happening in Divine right time and place."
"Angel Number 1921 encourages you to try something new and get excited about your life. Stretch yourself beyond what you think you can do and learn new skills that will help you in other areas of your life. When you follow your own heart you will find yourself growing in wisdom and courage, and responding to others with love, open-ness and compassion."
["Number 1921 relates to","(1+9+2+1=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
