["Number 1668 is a blend of the attributes of number 1, the vibrations of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of number 8.","lends its vibrations of creation, fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and action.","resonates with the financial and wealth sectors of our life, provision and providing, love of home and family, domesticity, nurturing and caring for others, empathy and sympathy, teaching others and finding solutions to problems.","adds its energies of personal power and authority,","material freedom and abundance, dependability and self-confidence, good judgement, delegation and discernment.  Number 8 also resonates with the concept of",", and the"]
["Angel Number 1668 indicates that your financial flow is determined by your attitude and expectations, therefore, stay positive and optimistic about your material and financial aspects. Maintain a positive mind-set as these energies help to","your continued supply of","and use","and","to maintain a steady supply."]
["Angel Number 1668 tells of self-management and achieving success and abundance due to your personal efforts, intentions and actions. Angel Number 1668 asks you to trust that your finances are being taken care of and all of your needs in your daily life will be provided for. If you have any fears, concerns or doubts,","and assistance."]
["Angel Number 1668 is also","that your material possessions and your life in general are in need of de-cluttering.  Get rid of the ‘old’ that no longer positively serves you, to make way for the ‘new’.  If you have intentions of selling something of material value, Angel Number 1668 may be indicating that the items/s will leave your life quickly and easily and exciting ‘new’ will enter to take its place."]
"If you have been considering beginning or expanding your own business and/or income earning venture, now would be a good time to take positive steps to make it so. Trust that all obstacles and hinderances will be overcome and success will be achieved."
["Number 1668 relates to","(1+6+6+8=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
