"Number 1159 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the energies of number 5 and number 9.  Number 1 relates to the vibrations of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that"
"with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."
"The number 1 appearing doubled resonates with the Master Number 11.  The"
"resonates with the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"resonates with personal freedom and individuality, major life changes,"
", promotion and advancements, adaptability and versatility, life lessons learned through experience and resourcefulness."
"relates to the"
", a higher perspective,"
", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,"
"and"
","
"and"
".  Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.  Number 1059 promotes the conclusion of situations or phases in your life, new beginnings and opportunities presenting to you, and doing things your own way."
["Angel Number 1159 is","that aspects of","and","need to be focused upon at this time.  Your angels ask that you pay attention to your intuition as you are being guided towards the next steps to take along your path.  Listen to the promptings of your soul."]
["Angel Number 1159 is a message that you are to hold positive expectations about changes you will be making, as these changes will prove to be beneficial for you in many ways.  Some aspects of your life are coming to an end, which makes way for auspicious new opportunities to present. Trust the nudging of your intuition and take positive action towards living and fulfilling your","."]
["Angel Number 1159 may also be suggesting that you have a special bond with the animal kingdom.  Take time out to","on the Earthplane as well as those in Heaven, and trust that they too are being watched over by the angels."]
"Angel Number 1159 is a message to finish with and let go of the ‘old’ that no longer positively serves you, in order to make room for ‘new’ to enter your life."
["Number 1159 relates to","(1+1+5+9=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
