["Number 1053 is made up of a combination of the vibrations of number 1, number 0, number 5 and number 3.","adds the attributes of showing initiative, new"]
"beginnings and striving forward, pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration, self-reliance, personal strength and tenacity.  Number 1 tells us that"
"with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.  Number 0 is a powerful vibration as it resonates with Universal Energies (the ‘God force’), and reflects the energies of"
"infinity and eternity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and when this number"
["presents it is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties"]
"that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 also amplifies and magnifies the"
["attributes of the number/s it appears with.","brings the energies of spontaneity, major life changes,",", promotion and advancements,"]
["personal freedom and individuality, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness and life lessons learned through experience.","carries the vibrations of the"]
[". The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping"]
["you to find peace, clarity and love within.  Number 3 resonates with courage, forgiveness, skills and talents, open-mindedness,","and attainment, self-"]
"expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, growth and expansion. Number 1053 is a sacred, powerful energy."
"Angel Number 1053 is a message from your angels that the changes that you are considering (or experiencing) are to your long-term benefit and you are safe in their"
"undertaking.  Trust that all has come about for a reason, and these changes are stepping stones along your life path.  Your angels and Ascended Masters encourage you to"
["make these changes gracefully as they lead to","and",".  View these changes and new opportunities with enthusiasm as they will be most"]
"auspicious for you."
"Angel Number 1053 signifies that life-changes are ahead of you, and these are necessary and possibly overdue.  You may have been feeling or sensing the"
"changes to come and have been feeling trepidation and/or anxiety. Trust that all will turn out for your highest good and give any fears or doubts to the angels for healing"
"and transmutation."
"Angel Number 1053 may also be suggesting that you are feeling confused and/or indecisive because you do not have enough information needed to make a conclusive"
["decision and/or choice.  Do research and/or seek expert advice and listen to your","and intuition before making a final decision, and trust that"]
"are guiding, supporting and assisting you through this time."
["Number 1053 relates to","(1+0+5+3=9) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 153"
