["Number 1312 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1, number 3 and number 2.","appears twice, amplifying its influences.  Number 1 resonates with insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment.  Number 1 encourages us to step forward in our chosen directions, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its vibrations of growth, expansion and the principles of increase, sensitivity, self-expression, creativity, joy and optimism.  Number 3 resonates with the vibrations of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters also help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","and help you to find peace, clarity and love within.","relates to balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, diplomacy and co-operation.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and pursuing your","and","."]
["Angel Number 1312 is a number of faith and trust in yourself and your personal abilities, and the energies of the",".  You are encouraged to step in the direction you desire with confidence and optimism with the belief that you will find success and fulfilment.  Do not be afraid to take on new challenges and opportunities as they will prove to be of great benefit to you.  Never doubt yourself or the power of the angels."]
["Angel Number 1312 is a sign that your","are sending you positive and uplifting energies to clear away any feelings of discouragement, and to help keep your thoughts and beliefs optimistic and centred.  The","and your","are encouraging and supporting you in your quest to find success, balance and harmony in your life, and you can call on them to stay","and centered."]
"Your angels ask you to stay focused on the true goals and aspirations of your soul and to remember that faith creates miracles to happen in your life."
["Number 1312 relates to","(1+3+1+2=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
