["Number 1459 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the energies and influences of number 5 and number 9.","promotes new"]
"beginnings, striving forward and progress, ambition and motivation, will power, self-leadership and assertiveness. Number 1 also relates to"
["with our actions, thoughts and beliefs.","brings the strong influences of personal willpower and effort, patience, discipline, traditional values, stability and"]
["ability, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals.  Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
["resonates with the attributes of making","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also"]
["relates to individuality, courage, learning","through experience and doing things your own way.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the"]
[", a higher perspective,",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,","and",","]
"and lightworking."
"Angel Number 1459 is a message that the work you have been doing has prompted important life changes that bring you in direct alignment with your Divine"
["as a",".  The angels have guided you to make positive life changes, and these will ensure that you have all that you need, and that you are in the right place at"]
"the right time to serve humanity as your soul dictates.  The path is clear for you to live your life as a positive example for others to follow.  Go along with the flow of"
"these changes and trust that they are for your long-term benefit, and that of those you serve.  These changes will provide the answers to your prayers."
"Angel Number 1495 is a message to make changes that suit who you truly are on all levels.  If you feel prompted to be of service to others and humanity as a whole, trust"
"these impressions and ideas and look to ways of using your skills and talents to uplift yourself and others.  You have all the skills and talents you need to fulfill your"
"mission. The angels have guided you to make positive life changes, and these will ensure that you have all that you need and that you are in the right place"
"at the right time to serve humanity as your soul dictates.  The path is clear for you to live your life as a positive example for others to follow.  Go along with the flow of"
"these changes and trust that they are for your long-term benefit, and that of those you serve."
["Angel Number 1459 is","that an aspect of your personal spirituality and","needs to be focused upon.  When you go through"]
"behavioural changes and transitions as a result of your spiritual path, it is an opportunity for you to be a teacher to others.  The best way to teach love and peace is to"
"demonstrate it through your actions, and be loving and peaceful."
"Angel Number 1459 encourages you to work diligently on your life purpose with confidence, passion and enthusiasm.  Your angels ask that you pay attention to your"
"intuition as you are being guided towards the next steps to take along your path.  Listen to the promptings of your soul."
"A change is coming into your life that will prove to be beneficial for all involved."
["Number 1459 relates to","(1+4+5+9=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
