"Number 842 is a combination of the vibrations of number 8, the energies of number 4, and the attributes of number 2."
["is associated with self-confidence, personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, reality, dependability and self-reliance, and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the"]
["resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, conscientiousness, progress, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and relates to the energies of the","."]
["relates to receptivity and love, partnerships and relationships, duality, adaptability, faith and trust, service to others, flexibility, balance and harmony, diplomacy and mediation, understanding, support and encouragement, and serving your","."]
["Angel Number 842 suggests that your strong connection with the","has manifested blessings and","in your life. The faith and trust you have shown in the guidance you have received, and the actions you have taken have ensured long-term rewards. These blessings are to be shared with loved ones and put to good use. Invest in yourself and your spiritual quest or","."]
["Angel Number 842 brings a message to find healthy, creative and productive ways to express your true feelings and emotions and be honest and sincere with both yourself and others. Living your life in harmony with yourself and others brings a deep sense of","in every aspect. Look for strengths rather than weaknesses in both yourself and others. Let go of judgement and accept that we are all different and unique and we all have our own paths to follow and","to learn. Open yourself up to others and allow them to know who you truly are."]
["Angel Number 842 is a message to keep up the great work you have been doing in order to achieve the success you desire. Your prayers and","have been heard and are being responded to by the","and Universal Energies. Find balance in all that you do and expect wonderful blessings of all kinds to enter your life. You deserve them."]
["Number 842 relates to","(8+4+2=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
