"Number 1045 is made up of a blend of the energies and influences of number 1 and number 0, and the vibrations and number 4 and number 5."
["relates to assertiveness, striving forward and new beginnings, inspiration, motivation, independence and uniqueness, action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities."]
"represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,"
", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."
["relates to honesty and integrity, hard work and responsibility, discipline, traditional values, effort, practicality and application, structure, stability and endurance, conscientiousness, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
"encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom, life changes and"
", variety, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation, activity and progress. Number 1045 is a number of well-earned"
"life-changes, life lessons learned through experience and personal freedom and truths."
["Angel Number 1045 is","to put your efforts towards the things in your life that embrace and enhance who you truly are, your lifestyle choices"]
"and your life in general. Be prepared to make necessary changes that will bring auspicious opportunities to advance you along your path. Trust that these changes will"
"bring ‘better’ into your life in all aspects."
["Angel Number 1045 suggests that some changes are coming that you have brought about through your","and positive and optimistic"]
["thought-patterns.  Through hard work and effort you have earned your just rewards.  Expect great things and","and appreciative of them when they arrive in"]
["your life.  Keep a","with your","for guidance and support through these changes."]
["Angel Number 1045 may also suggest that it is a good time to give birth to new ideas and situations in your life, safe in the knowledge that the","are guiding,"]
"protecting and watching over you during these changes."
["Number 1045 relates to","(1+0+4+5=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"Also see:"
