["Number 2146 relates to","(2+1+4+6=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"Number 2146 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and energies of number 4 and number 6."
"Number 2"
["resonates with faith and trust, diplomacy and co-operation, duality and finding balance, relationships and partnerships, intuition and insight, service and duty, and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["promotes new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and taking action, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and initiative, instinct and intuition.  Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the","."]
"Number 6"
["relates to possessions and the material and monetary aspects, home and family, love and nurturing, service and domesticity, responsibility and reliability, finding solutions, honesty and integrity.","Angel Number 2146 encourages you to believe in yourself and your personal values and skill set. The determination and diligence you have devoted to living a consciously balanced and centred life has manifested a continued supply of positive","into your life, ensuring that you are sustained and maintained in your daily life. You can expect wonderful blessings of all kinds to enter your life, and these blessings are to be shared with loved ones and put to good use. Your","want you to know that you are protected, supported and loved, and they encourage you to remain patience, persistent and optimistic.","Angel Number 2146 brings","that your hard work and determination are reaping rewards, and you are being blessed with the fruits of your labours. Through diligence and responsibility you have achieved a great deal and the","are commending you for your efforts and are encouraging you to keep up the good work. Trust that all of your material needs will be met as you serve your",".","Surrender any worries and fears to the","for transmutation and healing, and know that all is being taken care of as you live your","and",". Spend time focusing upon creating solid relationships and support systems, and invest in developing and expanding the spiritual part of yourself. Have faith and trust in your","and ask for their guidance and assistance whenever you wish."]
