["Number 1274 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of the number 1, number 2, number 7 and number 4. Number 1 encourages you to step forward in your chosen direction/s, and reminds you that","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment.","adds its attributes of balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and","and",".","vibrates with the mystical influences of",",","and",", inner-knowing and understanding others, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose and good fortune, and your","and spiritual",".","resonates with honesty and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, effort, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1274 is","that the hard work and effort you have expelled in the past is now reaping rewards, and you are to be congratulated for your diligence, persistence and forethought. You have been growing and expanding on all levels, and you are now","your wishes.","and rewards and enjoy the fruits of your labour."]
["Angel Number 1274 is a message that it is a wonderful time for you in many ways, and your angels encourage you to enjoy your experiences and blessings. Your intuition has been strong and you have used your inner-knowing and","constructively and productively. You have created your own good fortune with your faith and","and your willingness to do the work that is needed to make your dreams come true. Keep up the great work to continue","."]
["Angel Number 1274 is a message to keep up the current momentum and continue to rely upon your intuition and your angels when you need help with direction, ideas and guidance. Trust the promptings of your inner-self to pursue your passions and","."]
"Put your focus on believing that you will achieve success and positive results, and put your energy into taking positive action towards your goals. You can bring more light and happiness to the world by being joyful. Your positive energies will radiate love outwards. As you send out, so you shall receive."
["Number 1274 relates to","(1+2+7+4=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
