["Number 1198 is a compilation of the energies of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its vibrations and resonating with the karmic Master Number 11) and the influences and attributes of number 9 and number 8.","relates to new beginnings, starting new ventures, motivation and progress, self-reliance, achievement and attainment, and stepping out of our comfort zones. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions.  The number 1 appearing doubled resonates with the Master Number 11.  The karmic","resonates with the principles of","and",", illumination, high energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our","and",".","resonates with the attributes of leading others by positive example, humanitarianism and philanthropy, responsibility and strength of character, Divine wisdom, generosity and benevolence,","and the",", your",".  Number 9 also relates to conclusions and endings.","adds its vibrations of","and personal power,",", dependability and reliability, skills and talents, achieving success, giving and receiving and","-  the","."]
["Angel Number 1198 indicates that your prayers about money and finances have been heard and acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual realms.  Follow your passion and","and you will automatically","your monetary and material supply.  Your angels encourage you to devote your Divine","services to the world in your very own way, knowing that you are fully supported by the Universe. Trust that your material wants and needs will be met when you follow your true path and","."]
["Angel Number 1198 may also be","that a significant phase or cycle is ending in your life and this will have a domino-effect in other areas of your life.  These endings will allow for new opportunities to appear in your life that will open doors to beneficial new beginnings. This is happening for reasons that will become evident soon.  Do not lament their passing or ending, but rather, be open to your own passions and purpose as these are positive and productive focal points for you."]
["Expect wonderfully inspired ideas in regards to your career and lifestyle, and simple ways that you can make a positive difference to those around you, and the world at large.  If you have been feeling inclined to",", Angel Number 1198 may indicate that now is a most auspicious time to do so."]
"will be heard when the time is right.  Open your mind and your heart and you will hear them."
["Number 1198 relates to","(1+1+9+8=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
