"Number 2136 brings together the vibrations and energies of number 2 and number 1, and the attributes and influences of number 3 and number 6."
"Number 2"
["resonates with diplomacy and compromise, balance, flexibility and adaptability, duality, encouragement and kindness, service to others, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["brings initiative, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach, action, motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 3"
["adds self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, natural skills and talents, friendliness and sociability,",", growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the","."]
"Number 6"
["relates to providing and provision, possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service and domesticity, love of home and family, caring and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity.","Angel Number 2136 is","and the","that they are with you, encouraging and supporting you as you work on your","and",". Your","ask you to release any negative fears or concerns so that they can be healed and transmuted. Have faith and trust that auspicious opportunities will present for you and all is going to Divine plan in your life.","Angel Number 2136 asks you to trust that all you need will be supplied to you in Divine right time and simple and suitable solutions will be found to any issues or problems that may arise along your path. Obstacles, difficulties and trials are sent to test us, but if there are too many obstacles in your path, take a step back and look at the bigger picture. You may be getting a message that something is just not meant to be. Things that are meant to be happen with grace and ease, and those that aren’t meant to be are filled with constant obstacles and difficulties. Trust that changes and new opportunities will make things in your life flow with ease and you will have a clearer picture and a higher perspective."]
["Number 2136 relates to","(2+1+3+6=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
["Angel Number 2136 tells you to wake up and pay attention to your surroundings and/or the","you are making in your life, and encourages you towards a more spiritual and clear-headed space. Be awake and self-aware so that you are able to hear and heed the messages from your","and","."]
