"Number 949 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 9 and number 4, with number 9 appearing twice, amplifying and magnifying its influences."
["relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, leading life as a positive example, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, humanitarianism and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["is the number of effort and will, patience and persistence, realistic values, ability and stability, service and devotion, practicality and responsibility, building solid foundations and achieving success and positive results. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 949 is a message to focus your time, energy and efforts on your","or heart-based service or project which is in line with your","as a"]
". Trust that you have all the skills, talents and abilities you need in order to achieve your goals and y"
"our skills and talents are much needed by the world."
"Humanity and the world as a whole needs your help and only you can fulfill your spiritual destiny."
"Angel Number 949 encourages you to take an honest look at where you are spending your emotions, energy and time, and see where it is positively serving you. Focus your resources towards moving forward and do not waste your efforts on things that deplete and/or drain you."
["It is your","to decide what it is that you wish to experience and do with your life and the steps you choose to take to get there. Use your energies and resources to their fullest potential and for the betterment of yourself and others."]
["Angel Number 949 also brings a message to release and let go of old habits, patterns, people, relationships, associations, and/or anything that you feel does not resonate with you nor serve your highest good. Be rid of anything that you feel is having negative effects on you in any way. Rid yourself of toxins and negativities and clear the way for fresher, more uplifting energies, vibrations, opportunities and experiences. Be discerning about all elements of your life and","that resonate with your true, authentic self."]
["Number 949  relates to the","(9+4+9=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
