"Number 904 brings together the attributes of number 9, the influences of number 0, and the vibrations of number 4."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, the concept of",", leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
"is associated with conscientiousness, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the Archangels."
["Angel Number 904 brings","that a situation or phase is coming to an end and you are to let go of any circumstances or issues that have ran their course. O"]
"ne door is closing as another opens for you. Your"
"are helping you to open this new door of opportunity and to heal from any residual sorrow or pain due to the changes you are now undergoing. Stay focused on positive outcomes and live your"
"and"
"with diligence and devotion. Your"
"support you in every way; always."
"Establish solid foundations for yourself so that you have the self-belief and confidence to take on tasks ahead of you. Start from the beginning and structure your plans so that they are manageable and achievable. Gather your strengths, natural talents and passions and use them for the betterment of yourself and others. With positive intentions, a firm belief in yourself and right action you will succeed at all that you set your mind to. Do not underestimate yourself."
["Angel Number 904 tells you that your","skills and talents are much needed by the world at this time, and the","encourage you to brightly shine your light in order to illuminate the way for others to follow."]
["Number 904 relates to","(9+0+4=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
