["Number 2604 relates to","(2+6+0+4=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"Number 2604 is a combination of the qualities and attributes of number 2 and number 6, and the energies and vibrations of number 0 and number 4."
"Number 2"
["brings its influences of service to others, diplomacy and compromise, finding balance and harmony, flexibility and adaptability, duality, encouragement and kindness. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 6"
["relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others,","and",", independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."]
"Number 0"
["carries the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and amplifies and magnifies the energies and vibrations of the numbers it appears with. Number 0 relates to","and spiritual gifts."]
"Number 4"
["promotes honesty and integrity, traditional values, hard work and responsibility, practicality and application, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and the energies of the Archangels.","Angel Number 2604 encourages you to believe in yourself and your innate skills, talents and abilities. Accept your unique talents and abilities and use them to make yourself and others happy. Happiness and self-acceptance lightens your life and influences all that you do. Have faith and trust in your angels and ask for their guidance and assistance whenever you wish. Surrender any worries and fears and know that all is being taken care of as you live and serve your life",".","Angel Number 2604 indicates that your hard work and determination are reaping rewards, and you are being blessed with the fruits of your labours. Through diligence and responsibility you have achieved a great deal and the","are commending you for your efforts and are encouraging you to keep up the good work. Trust that all of your monetary and material needs will be met as you serve your","and",".","It is important to honour your true-self’s guidance and passionately pursue your","using your unique skills and inner-talents and abilities to enlighten and uplift others. Angel Number 2604 brings a message to stay balanced, grounded and focused, knowing that your","and the Universal Energies surround and support you on your path."]
