"Number 2389 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 2 and number 3, and the attributes and influences of number 8 and number 9."
"Number 2"
["brings its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and pursuing your","and","."]
"Number 3"
["relates to energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, natural talents and skills. Number 3 also relates to the",", indicating that are around you, assisting when asked and helping you to focus upon the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assisting with","."]
"Number 8"
["resonates with personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, good management and discernment, dependability and self-reliance,","wealth and",", and","; the","."]
"Number 9"
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and",".","Angel Number 2389 prompts you to step into your own power and live your life according to your own values and principles. You must become aware of what it is that you believe. Listen to your own","and your true heart’s desires and be true to yourself. Your life is yours to live, and your","and destiny are yours to fulfil. Be discerning about all elements of your life and","that resonate with your true self.","Angel Number 2389 encourages you to consider what or who in your life is not serving your highest good? What or who is draining your energies or holding you back from being your best and brightest? Be brave and honest with yourself and identify the areas, situations and/or people in your life where you face recurring negativity, difficulties, obstacles or hindrances, and make concerted efforts to rectify, change or even finish with that phase of your life. You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one."]
["Number 2389 relates to the","(2+3+8+9=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
["Angel Number 2389 can be a message about your lifestyle and career choices. If you are considering focusing on beginning (or expanding) a","or serviced based project or venture, Angel Number 2389 is a positive message that you will find success in your chosen field. It is a message to prompt you towards your true soul’s calling."]
