["Number 2938 is a blend of the energies and vibrations of number 2 and number 9, and the attributes and qualities of number 3 and number 8.","relates to receptivity and love, partnerships and relationships, duality, adaptability, faith and trust, service to others, flexibility, balance and harmony, diplomacy and mediation, understanding, support and encouragement, and serving your",".","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, duty and calling, sensitivity, benevolence, altruism and",".","is the number of",", creativity and self-expression, joy and spontaneity, growth and expansion, imagination and intelligence, affability and enthusiasm. Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",".","is associated with personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, dependability,","and self-reliance, and","wealth and",". Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["Angel Number 2938 brings a message to release and let go of old habits, patterns, people, relationships, associations, and/or anything that you feel does not resonate with you nor serve your highest good. Be rid of anything that you feel is having negative effects on you in any way. Rid yourself of toxins and negativities and clear the way for fresher, more uplifting energies, vibrations, opportunities and experiences. Be discerning about all elements of your life and","that resonate with your true self."]
"Angel Number 2938 can indicate the ending or conclusion of a situation, experience, relationship or career path/job. This ending will bring new ways of being and doing and will be to your long-term benefit. Let go of any feelings of guilt or angst from the past as you cannot go backwards, but you can move forward and create a better life for yourself. Allow your past experiences to make you a better person. Learn from them and let them go."
"Everything you send out to the Universe comes back to you, and when your thoughts, actions and beliefs are positive and uplifting, you create ‘good energy’, which is then reflected back into your own life."
["Number 2938 relates to the","(2+9+3+8 =22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
