["Number 2957 brings together the vibrations of number 2, the energies of number 9, the attributes of number 5, and the influences of number 7.","resonates with your intuition and insight, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, receptivity and love, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust, and your","and",".","relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom,","and important changes, variety and versatility, adaptability, resourcefulness, opportunities, motivation and progress.","resonates with feelings and emotions,","and",", persistence of purpose and determination, contemplation and introspection,","and positive intentions,","and",", higher-learning and research."]
["Connect with your","and","by taking the time and effort to communicate with them and turn to them for wisdom, guidance, assistance and inspiration.","and be open to receiving messages intuitively. Quiet and still the mind and clear a space to hear them. Do not expect the messages to make sense straight away so don’t become anxious or fear that you are missing something. Just allow the process to unfold as it will and trust that all will become clear to you in Divine right time. Trust yourself and your","and","."]
"Consider and contemplate what you truly want for your life, then take action to make it so. It is entirely up to you to achieve your own goals and aspirations, and it is your responsibility to fulfill your"
". You will feel happiest when you have an interest, hobby, pastime, pursuit, career and/or profession that matches your true passions. Choose to live a vibrant, loving and fulfilling life."
"When you are on the right path the Universe brings you signs of alignment to let you know that you are in flow with your Divine path."
["Number 2957 relates to","(2+9+5+7=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
