"Number 1168 is made up of the energies of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its energies) and the attributes of number 6 and number 8."
"relates to the vibrations of creation, fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success.  Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones, and tells us that"
"with our thoughts, beliefs and action."
"Number 1’s appearing together relate to the karmic number 11."
"relates to the principles of"
"and"
","
"illumination, high energy, inspiration and intuition, creative idealism, self-expression and sensitivity.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves"
"is to know, live and serve our"
"and"
"."
"resonates with the financial and wealth sectors of our life, provision and providing, love of home and family, domesticity, nurturing and caring for others, empathy and sympathy, teaching others and finding solutions to problems."
"adds its energies of personal power and authority,"
", dependability and self-confidence.  Number 8 also resonates"
"with the concept of"
", and the"
"(Cause and Effect)."
["Angel Number 1168 tells of self-management and achieving success and abundance due to your personal efforts and actions.  It tells of working towards goals and achieving financial success and stability.  Angel Number 1168 asks you to trust that your finances are being taken care of and all of your needs in your daily life will be provided for.  If you have any fears, concerns or doubts,","and assistance."]
["Angel Number 1168 suggests that your financial flow is determined by your attitude and expectations, therefore,","and optimistic about your material and financial aspects.  Maintain a","as these energies help to","your continued supply of abundance. Use","and visualizations to maintain a steady supply."]
["Angel Number 1168 is also","that your material possessions and your life in general are in need of de-cluttering.  Get rid of the ‘old’ that no longer positively serves you, to make way for the ‘new’.  If you have intentions of selling something of material value, the repeating Angel Number 1168 may be indicating that the items/s will leave your life quickly and easily, and exciting ‘new’ will enter to take its place."]
"If you have been considering beginning or expanding your own business and/or income earning venture, Angel Number 1168 may imply that now would be a good time to take positive steps to make it so."
["Number 1168 relates to","(1+1+6+8=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
