["Number 1745 is a compilation of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 7, and the attributes and influences of number 4 and number 5.","promotes creation, new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and progress, action and initiative, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its qualities of",",","and",", persistence of purpose, faith and personal spirituality, inner-strength and",", mysticism,","and",".  Number 7 also relates to learning, study and education.","resonates with willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","brings the influences of major life changes,",", promotion and advancements, adaptability, resourcefulness and versatility, personal freedom and individuality, and","learned through experience."]
["Angel Number 1745 indicates that you are going through changes in your life that will bring you closer to your material goals as well as your spiritual aspirations. The changes you are feeling prompted or urged to make are right for you, and your angels encourage you to take positive action. Your dreams, desires, wishes,","and prayers have manifested these changes and the opportunities that come along with them, and your","support you in this course of action and direction. Listen to your own intuition and heart’s desires and trust that the time is right for you to live your dreams and do as your soul dictates. Have no fears or doubts as to your abilities, as you have all you need within you to sustain and maintain you along your path."]
["Angel Number 1745 is a message regarding a change of direction or interest that will involve","affecting your lifestyle and/or career.  Making these changes will bring about new opportunities and will move your life in a positive direction. The","want to help you adapt to changing work/life situations by giving you energy and guidance that will shift and raise your frequency. Allow the","to help you with significant changes in your life that will increase your flow of abundance in whatever way is most appropriate.","for your blessings and enjoy them."]
["Angel Number 1745 encourages you to","of negative feelings, experiences, situations and people that no longer play a positive role in your life. Look at things from a higher perspective and in the present moment as this teaches you to see things as they truly are. Don’t be afraid to make the changes that you know you need to. You will thank yourself in the future."]
["Number 1745 relates to","(1+7+4+5=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
