["Number 1324 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 3, and the influences of number 2 and number 4.","brings with it the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress and tells us that","with our intentions, thoughts and beliefs.","resonates with growth, expansion and the principles of increase, creativity, spontaneity, broad-minded thinking, self-expression and communication, encouragement and assistance, talents and skills.  Number 3 also indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","imbues its vibrations of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation, relationships and partnerships.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and",".","relates to working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, patience, system and order, establishing solid foundations, enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1324 is","that your hard work, efforts and determination are reaping rewards and you are being blessed with the fruits of your labours.  Through diligence and responsibility you have achieved a great deal in many aspects of your life, and the angels are commending you for your efforts and encouraging you to keep up the good work.  You have earned the right to expect positive results and outcomes to situations and circumstances in your life."]
["Angel Number 1324 tells you that when you use your natural skills and talents as well as your practical work ethics, you will find that all will run according to your plans. It is important to stay positive and hold a clear vision of your desires and intentions.","that you have already achieved or exceeded your dream/s."]
["Angel Number 1324 suggests that you are to find a balance between your work, leisure and rest times.  Relaxing and taking the time to","and connect and communicate with the angels helps you to","and outcomes.  Stay focused upon your","and trust that the angels surround and support you.  Stay open to","."]
["Number 1324 relates to","(1+3+2+4=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
