["Number 480 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 4, the attributes of number 8 and the influences of number 0.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","brings it vibrations of","wealth and",", self-confidence and discernment, achievement, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of","– the","."]
["relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 480 reminds you that you are a powerful soul with an important","that only you can fulfill, so exert your personal will in the direction of your passions and live your life according to your own personal truths and values. Set your own standards and do not allow others to make your choices and decisions for you. Go after what you love in life."]
"Angel Number 480 suggests that you take the time to"
", connect and communicate with the angelic and spiritual realm about your financial and monetary needs. Ask for what you want and need with clarity and conviction, faith and trust and be open and receptive to the infinite abundance of the Universe. Accept the blessings that are your due as rewards for work well done."
["Angel Number 480 indicates that the hard work and determination you have put towards living your life according to your personal truths has fully aligned you with your",", and with this you will reap","and plenty to maintain and sustain you as you continue along your path. Know that you will find personal success and fulfilment and trust that the","are supporting, encouraging and guiding you."]
["Angel Number 480 is also","that a cycle or phase will soon be coming to an end, with rewards coming from hard work well done.  Do not fear lack or loss as these endings and conclusions will lead to auspicious new beginnings and opportunities, and your success and achievement will bring blessings and rewards of many kinds into your life."]
["Number 480 relates to","(4+8+0=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
"NUMEROLOGY"
