"Number 1044 is a blend of the vibrations and influences of number 1 and number 0, and number 4 appearing twice, magnifying its influences."
"promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition"
["and will power.   Number 1 also tells us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["resonates with practicality and discipline, application, hard work and responsibility, progress, traditional values, conscientiousness, honesty and integrity, inner-wisdom, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and purpose, and the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 1044 brings a message to keep your thoughts positive and optimistic as you look to an important new role or venture, and know that you are capable of their undertaking."
"Acknowledge the determination, discipline and hard work you have put into your endeavours in the past, and know that they will bring long-term benefits and rewards to your life. You have shown great tenacity and initiative, so take heart that your efforts have been well worth your while and you are encouraged to keep up the great work you have been doing."
"Your positive energies,"
["intentions and actions will","your expected results."]
["Angel Number 1044 is also","that you are to look to new ways to get your work done more efficiently."]
"You are especially gifted in many ways and you have great creativity and communication skills. Use these talents to enhance your own life, and to uplift, support and serve humanity as your soul dictates in productive and creative ways."
"Listen to your intuition as your"
"are ushering positive energies towards and around you."
"Angel Number 1044 encourages you to keep striving ahead, and do not take ‘no’ for an answer. Expect miraculous answers and solutions to appear as you need them."
["Number 1044 relates to","(1+0+4+4=9) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 114"
"Angel Number 140"
"Angel Number 141"
"Angel Number 144"
"Angel Number 411"
"Angel Number 414"
"Angel Number 441"
"*"
"Victoria   Australia"
