["Number 1804 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 8, and the energies and influences of number 0 and number 4.","resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative and instinct, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, striving forward and progress. Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","adds its influences of personal power and authority,",",","material freedom and",", efficiency, good judgement and discernment, dependability and self-confidence. Number 8 is also the number of the","(","= Cause and Effect).","relates to","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It also suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.  Number 0 resonates with the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies and represents eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.","carries the vibrations of will and effort, traditional values, ability and stability, responsibility and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and establishing foundations, determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose in life, and resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1804 brings","that you are being guided and assisted in regards to the career/employment and financial aspects of your life. If you are feeling the inclination to begin, pursue or expand a",", or a business or project that entails serving others in positive ways, Angel Number 1804 may suggest that it is an auspicious time to look into your options and expect miraculous synchronicities to assist you along the way. Keep an eye out for unexpected opportunities to take advantage of, and trust that all that you need will be provided in Divine right time. Your","are offering you help, which will make you feel more relaxed and confident about your career and/or financial standings."]
["Angel Number 1804 suggests that the hard work and determination you have put towards living your life according to your personal truths has fully aligned you with your","and",", and with this you will reap","and plenty to maintain and sustain you as you continue along your path. Know that you will find personal success and fulfilment when you step into your own power and live your personal truths. Trust that the","are supporting, encouraging and guiding you."]
["Angel Number 1804 is also message of support from your","in regards to new projects, ventures and financial undertakings. Make your","your priority and your","will see to it that your needs are met, and your hard work, will and effort will be rewarded with positive abundance.",", maintain an optimistic and","and trust in the process of life."]
"Angel Number 1804 instils self-confidence and encourages you to set your goals and focus upon achieving them, step by step."
["Number 1804 relates to","(1+8+0+4=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
