"Number 1401 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 4 and number 0."
"brings initiative and instinct, tenacity and striving forward, new beginnings, achievement and success.  Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and"
["reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","adds effort and will, patience and persistence, realistic values, ability and"]
"stability, practicality and responsibility, building solid foundations and achieving positive results.  Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and resonates"
["with the energies of the",".  Number 0 magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal"]
["Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the"]
"beginning of a spiritual journey.  Number 0 suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers. Number 1401 a"
"number of hard work and initiative, practical thinking, instinctual knowledge, construction, success and achieving abundance."
"Angel Number 1401 is encouragement to make the effort to connect and communicate with the angels as they want your attention.  It is a message that you are to stop"
"feeling stress, anxiety and worry over your financial situation or issues as these negative emotions and energies block the flow of supply and abundance into your life."
["Your angels ask that you focus upon","and",", intentions and prayers to",".  Give your worries over to your"]
"angels to transmute and heal and trust that the work you have been doing will have long-term rewards.  Angel Number 1401 is a message that your past efforts will bring"
"about the results you have worked so hard for."
"Angel Number 1401 indicates that the angels are available to assist you with your positive thoughts, wishes and desires, and the angels counsel you to make thoughtful"
"and meaningful wishes at the moment. It is a message from your angels to remain very aware of your recurring thoughts as they are being manifested into your life.  Fill"
"your mind with positive and nourishing thoughts as your thoughts, feelings, emotions, actions and overall outlook are being boosted by your angels so that you can"
"continue to manifest all that you want and need in your life.  Building strong foundations from well-laid plans ensures future progress, stability and success, and your"
"angels encourage you to work with your natural passion and drive."
"Angel Number 1401 also encourages you to put your ideas into action.  Trust yourself and your inner-promptings and begin that new venture or project. Your will and"
"effort will bring about the desired results that you work towards achieving."
["Number 1401 relates to","(1+4+0+1=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
