["Number 2904 is a combination of the energies of number 2, the attributes of number 9, the influences of number 0, and the vibrations of number 4.","encourages finding balance and harmony, faith and trust, selflessness, understanding, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, love and happiness. Number 2 also relates to serving your","and",".","resonates with the",", a higher perspective, influence, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, leading life as a positive example for others, strength of character, philanthropy and humanitarianism, and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with.","relates to honesty and integrity, hard work and responsibility, discipline, traditional values, effort, practicality and application, conscientiousness, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 2904 brings a message to be open to receiving","and assistance when needed, and trust that the hard work and effort you put towards achieving your goals and aspirations will pay off for you, today and in the future. The","see and know of your hidden, natural talents and encourage you to work in a profession, or take up a hobby or interest that incorporates your natural interests and","."]
"Angel Number 2904 reminds you to trust yourself and your intuition and take action towards situations and experiences where you are able to successfully lead, teach and heal others. Use your personal will and strong sense of self to raise and increase your personal vibration/s and direct your energies towards to the upliftment and enlightenment of yourself and others."
["Angel Number 2904 can suggest that a cycle or phase of your life is about to end and new situations better suited to your desires, needs and","will present for you."]
"Release out-moded negative thoughts, ideas and beliefs that do not support or nourish you. Consider where you are now and where you wish to be, then make the decision to be rid of stifling old beliefs and thought-patterns."
", embrace your blessings, and put your"
"abilities and talents to good use. Be enthusiastic about your life and live it to the fullest."
["Number 2904 relates to","(2+9+0+4=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
