["Number 1648 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and qualities of number 4 and number 8.","lends its vibrations of creation, fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and action.","adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, finding solutions, provision and providing and the material aspects of life.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations with practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","adds its vibrations of","and personal power,",", dependability and reliability, skills and talents, achieving success, giving and receiving and the concept of","-  the","."]
["Angel Number 1648 tells of self-management and achieving success and abundance due to your personal efforts, intentions and actions. Your financial flow is determined by your attitude and expectations, therefore, stay positive and optimistic about your material and financial aspects. Maintain a positive mind-set as these energies help to","your continued supply of","."]
["Angel Number 1648 is","that your material possessions and your life in general are in need of de-cluttering.  Get rid of the ‘old’ that no longer positively serves you, to make way for the ‘new’.  If you have intentions of selling something of material value, Angel Number 1648 may be indicating that the items/s will leave your life quickly and easily and exciting ‘new’ will enter to take its place."]
["Angel Number 1648 is a message of encouragement in regards to pursuing new projects, ventures and financial undertakings, as these will prove to be successful and profitable for you.  Make your","your priority and your angels and the Universe will see to it that your needs are met, and your hard work, will and effort will be rewarded with abundance."]
"Stay"
"to your angels and maintain an optimistic and positive outlook."
["If you are feeling inclined to begin, pursue or expand a",", Angel Number 1648 can suggest that it is an auspicious time to begin, and you will find long-term success and personal fulfilment as you help others and serve your","."]
["Number 1648 relates to","(1+6+4+8=19, 1+9-10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
