["Number 418 is a blend of the attributes of number 4, the energies of number 1 and the influences of number 8.","resonates with our willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, patience and practicality, building solid foundations and working diligently towards achieving goals. Number 4 also carries the energies of the",".","relates to fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success. Number 1 also tells us"]
"that"
"with our thoughts, beliefs and action."
"adds its energies of personal power and authority,"
"material freedom and"
", dependability and self-confidence, giving and receiving. Number 8 also resonates with the concept of"
", and the"
"(Cause and Effect)."
["Angel Number 418 is a message that your thoughts, ideas and visions are being elevated to maintain the positive vibrations of love and light, as these energies attract and reflect spiritual and material","in your life. Have confidence in yourself and your ideas and work steadily towards achieving your goals, both long and short-term. The energies you send out are those that you receive in return, and your angels encourage you to maintain an optimistic mind-set to continue to","of all kinds."]
["Angel Number 418 is","that the hard work, determination and effort you have put towards serving your","has been recognized and acknowledged by the Universal Energies. Expect","to bless your life. Be open to receiving and accepting your ‘good’ and",". As with the","(","), the more you have, the more you have to share with others."]
["It is time to de-clutter your home and work environment, and your life in general. Donate (or discard) any of your old and unused items and possessions to a charity and feel lighter and fresher in all ways. By giving things away you automatically invoke the",". This means that new possessions and useful items will come to you."]
["Number 418 relates to","(4+1+8=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
