"resonates with the attributes and energies of healing, honesty and integrity, justice, integrity, charity, faith, love, humanity, service, balance and peace,"
"domesticity, responsibility, care, the teacher, conventional, the provider, protection, idealism, selflessness, charity, faithfulness, the nurturer, truth, order, economy,"
"emotional depth, curiosity, deep love of home and family, humanitarianism, service, unselfishness, balance, peace and peacefulness, self-sacrifice, empathy, sympathy,"
"unconditional love, circulation, agriculture, grace, simplicity, compromise, reliability, social responsibility, compassion, beauty, the arts, idealism, generosity, concern,"
"children, family, home, community service, self-harmony, material needs and economy, providing and provision, agriculture and growth, musical talent."
["The energy of the","symbolizes the principle of nurturing, caring and harmony and signifies the need for stability in all areas of your life and relates to home and"]
"family, society, possessions, planetary issues and concrete tangibles."
"also symbolizes responsibility and service which needs to be achieved through love, nurturing, protection and self-less service to humanity."
"appearing repeatedly tells of the ability to use the imagination and the intellect combined to bring about positive outcomes. When"
["your","are telling you to be aware to balance your thoughts, worries or concerns about material and financial issues, with a focus and faith in the"]
"spiritual realm.  A positive vibration and focus will bring about positive results."
["The repeating","is a message to trust the Universe and your angels with supporting and assisting you in achieving and","in regards"]
["to your home, family, social and personal life.","tells you to keep your thoughts and feelings focused on achieving your goals, and you will attain your desires with the help and"]
"."
["The","tells us that it is time to focus on your personal spirituality in order to balance and heal any issues in your life.  Tell the angels about any fears"]
["you may have concerning your material supply or lack thereof.  They are listening and wanting to help you feel prosperous and abundant.","asks you to"]
"be open to receiving help, love and support from both humans and the angels as it is there for the offing. You need to be receptive in order to receive and accept the help"
"you need."
["The","may also be indicating that your thoughts are out of balance at this time and you are asked to look to all aspects of your life making sure that all"]
"is as you feel it should be.  Look to service and humanitarian aspects including volunteering your time, donating money to charity, doing conscious random acts of"
["kindness and/or being of service to those in need in some way. The","and Universe will reward you accordingly and your needs will always be met."]
"When the 6666 number sequence appears to you, it is an indication that your thoughts are out of balance, and you are focused too much on the material aspects of your"
"life.  The energies of abundance and prosperity are being deflected and resisted as worry and anxiety cause a barrier to balance, spirit, harmony and receptivity on your"
"behalf. Angel Number 6666 asks you to balance your thoughts between the spiritual and the material aspects and to maintain faith and trust that your needs will always"
"be met. The angels are asking you to focus on spirit and service, and to know that your material and emotional needs will automatically be met as a result."
"See also:"
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
["Live","Online with Joanne"]
