["Number 1370 is a compilation of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 3, and the vibrations of number 7 and the powerful number 0.","resonates"]
"with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1"
["reminds us that","with our thoughts, intentions and beliefs.","resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase,"]
"spontaneity, broad-minded thinking, self-expression, encouragement, assistance, talent and skills, freedom-seeking, adventure, exuberance.  Number 3 relates to the"
", and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and"
["others, and assist with",".","vibrates with the mystical influences of",",","and",", inner-knowing"]
["and understanding others, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose and good fortune, and your","and spiritual",".","magnifies and"]
"amplifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with, and carries the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and"
"infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with"
".  Number 0 is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail."
["Angel Number 1370 suggests that you are to being commended for working so diligently and devotedly on your","and",".  You have a strong"]
"connection with the angelic and spiritual realms and this has helped to manifest auspicious opportunities and circumstances that will advance you along your path and"
"will assist you in your life.  Your intuition is very strong and you are encouraged to listen to its guidance and direction."
["Angel Number 1370 is an important message to continue the","and","you are doing as you faithfully","and"]
[".  The","support, protect and encourage you to walk your path with confidence and enthusiasm."]
"Angel Number 1370 is also indicates that your creative energies have been activated.  Express yourself with optimism, enthusiasm and joy, and use your personal skills,"
"talents and abilities to serve, encourage and teach others.  Always be true to yourself and others in every way."
"Angel Number 1370 also asks you to let go and detach from things that no longer positively serve you and look to ways of bringing more positive energies into your life."
["Release the past, forgive everyone including yourself, and",".  It is time to start afresh in all ways.  Radiate joy, love and light."]
["Number 1370 relates to the","(1+3+7+0=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
