"Number 1313 is made up of the attributes and vibrations of number 3 and number 1, with both number 3 and number 1 appearing twice, doubling and amplifying their"
["influences.","relates to self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to motivation,"]
["striving forward and progress and tells us that","with our intentions, thoughts and beliefs.","resonates with growth, expansion and"]
"the principles of increase, creativity, spontaneity, broad-minded thinking, self-expression and communication, encouragement and assistance, talents and skills.  Number"
["3 also indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked and helping you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others. The Masters"]
["assist with","and help you to find peace, clarity and love within.  Number 1313 the number of optimism, enthusiasm, communication, creativity"]
"and expansion on all levels."
"Angel Number 1313 is an indication from your angels that they are helping you to gain a positive and optimistic outlook and are helping to empower you so that you can"
"walk your chosen path with confidence and grace and suggests that the Ascended Masters are working with you on your thought processes to enable you to make the"
["highest and wisest choices . Be prepared to","in new and exciting ways and look for opportunities to creatively express"]
"yourself from the heart.  Use your natural interests, talents and personality to bring joy and upliftment to others."
["Angel Number 1313 is","that the strong connection you have with the angelic realm and the","is assisting you with staying"]
["positive, light and optimistic about your life.  Pay close attention to your intuition and","as you are being","towards the next steps along"]
"your path.  Trust the messages and promptings and take positive action with confidence and enthusiasm."
"Angel Number 1313 indicates that you are surrounded by loving, positive energies.  Make the most of these wonderfully auspicious energies and use them creatively to"
"your advantage and to the advantage of others. It is time to live your truths and express yourself with clarity, purpose and love and be a positive light to others."
["Number 1313 also relates to","(1+3+1+3=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
