"Number 1460 is made up of the attributes and vibrations of number 1 and number 4, and the energies and influences of number 6 and the powerful number 0."
"denotes initiative and striving forward, creation, new beginnings and projects, achieving success, attainment, fulfilment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that"
["with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity,"]
"practicality, system and order, determination and self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also resonates with"
["the energies of the",".","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing"]
"for the self and others, and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles."
["resonates with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It"]
"suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.  Number 0 also magnifies and amplifies the vibrations of the"
"numbers it appears with."
["Angel Number 1460 is","that the intentions, effort and work you have been doing towards improving your life in all ways has ensured a steady"]
"flow of positive energies, opportunities and abundance into your life.  Keep your focus on your life goals and strive towards achieving them, knowing that success will"
"ultimately be yours."
"Angel Number 1460 is a message that you will manifest all that you need in your life to sustain and maintain you and your loved ones. Your monetary wants and needs"
"will be taken care of by Divine design so be open to receiving and accepting help and assistance from the most unlikely of sources.  Give any fears, concerns and"
"worries to the angels so that they can be lifted from you, healed and transmuted.  Have confidence that your daily monetary needs are being taken care of by the angels"
"and Universal forces as you continue to focus upon your highest aspirations."
["Trust that your",",","are having positive effects in your life, and your angels urge you to continue with your"]
["optimistic outlook and high expectations. Trust that the","are watching over you, supporting, encouraging and guiding you along the way."]
"You can rely upon the"
"Universe to support you in every positive way."
["Number 1460 relates to the karmic","(1+4+6=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
