["Number 1118 is comprised of the qualities of number 1 (appearing three times, tripling its influences), blended with the vibrations of number 8.","promotes courage, creation and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, inspiration and initiative, achievement and success.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings it vibrations of",", self-confidence and discernment, achievement, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of","– the","."]
["Angel Number 1118 is a message of encouragement and support from your angels.","so when you have high expectations and maintain","the angels and Universal Energies help you to manifest your highest ideals and achieve success in all that you put your intentions and efforts towards.  The angels encourage you to think only positive thoughts to do with the monetary and material aspects of your life so that you are able to",".  Positive things are","around you at a rapid rate."]
["Repeating Angel Number 1118 may suggest that you are nearing the end of a cycle or phase in your life, and the angels want you to realize that positive new opportunities will appear for you in due course.  Do not fear lack or loss as the end of a situation or cycle denotes the beginning of another.","ask that you not stress about present circumstances, as ‘better’ is on it’s the way into your life. The angels ask you to have faith and trust in them, and in yourself."]
["Angel Number 1118 also tells you that if you are considering beginning (or expanding) a",", now is a most auspicious time to do so.  Have faith that the Universe will assist with any issues that may arise, and listen to the","as to the next steps to take.  Trust that you have all the skills, talents and abilities within you that you will need to","and fulfill your spiritual destiny.  Expect success on all levels."]
["Number 1118 also relates to","(1+1+1+8=11) and","."]
"See also:"
["(",", 118, 181, 188,  etc)"]
"Angel Number 18"
"Angel Number 118"
