["Number 3142 is a combination of the energies of number 3, the vibrations of number 1, the attributes of number 4, and the qualities of number 2.","is the number of affability, enthusiasm, assistance and encouragement, communication and self-expression, growth, expansion and the principles of increase,",", broad-minded thinking, talents and skills, and the energies of the",".","resonates with independence and uniqueness, striving forward and new beginnings, motivation, assertiveness and action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 brings a reminder that","and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","relates to honesty and integrity, hard work and responsibility, discipline, traditional values, effort, practicality and application, structure, stability and endurance, conscientiousness, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","is associated with balance, harmony, duality, peace, adaptability, service to others, diplomacy, receptivity and love, charm, understanding others, mediation and co-operation, consideration, faith and trust, your",", support and encouragement."]
"Angel Number 3142 encourages you to use your natural diplomatic abilities and communication skills to overcome any perceived obstacles and challenges, and remember that they present in your life as tests for you to pass."
"Angel Number 3142 also encourages you to think of ways to bring your ideas and dreams to fruition and put your efforts towards achieving those goals. With a solid plan in place and a true belief in yourself there is nothing you cannot achieve. Take balanced, well-considered steps and keep your focus on positive results and outcomes. Rely upon your intuition and inner-knowing as they will always let you know when you are on the right path."
"Balance your work life with your family, social and leisure time, and take the time to meditate, relax, revive and rejuvenate as this brings a sense of balance and inner-harmony and enables to you gain clarity and establish your priorities, values and truths. It also brings a renewed sense of self and fresh enthusiasm for life. Give yourself power and permission to make any major changes necessary to find contentment and balance in your life."
["Number 3142 relates to","(3+1+4+2=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
