["Number 1204 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 and the attributes of number 2 and number 4.","promotes creativity and creation, pioneering, action and initiative, new beginnings and motivation, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","lends its attributes of service and duty, adaptability and co-operation, duality, finding balance and harmony, kindness and"]
"consideration.  Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and"
"."
"Number 0 magnifies and amplifies the vibrations of the numbers it appears with, and carries the influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with"
".  Number 0 is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."
"resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard"
"work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity,"
", and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive,"
"passion and purpose."
["Angel Number 1204 is","that they are currently assisting you with keeping your thoughts light, positive and uplifted.  As","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions, the angels want you to maintain a","about the work you have done and that ahead of you, knowing that all that you is creating your life.  Trust that you will achieve success with all that you put your will and effort towards."]
"Angel Number 1204 suggests that you may have to put some hard work and effort towards a new project, venture or important life-change, and these will be of long-term benefit to yourself and your loved ones.  Trust that the work and effort you have put in towards achieving your goals and aspirations will be well worth your while and you will find long-term success and personal fulfilment."
["Angel Number 1204 is a message to keep up your current momentum and continue to rely upon your intuition and your","when you need help with direction, ideas and guidance.  Your patience, hard work and diligence will pay long-term rewards. Trust the promptings of your inner-self to pursue your passions and","."]
["Number 1204 can also be seen as","(1+2+0+4=7) and","."]
