["Number 120 is made up of the vibrations and qualities of the numbers 1, 2 and 0. Number 1 promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, and relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","lends its vibrations of duality, balance and adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, faith and trust and","and",". It is also the number of partnerships, love and family. Number 0 amplifies and magnifies the energies of the numbers it appears with making them more powerful and influential.","brings a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey. It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers."]
["Angel Number 120 is a message from your","not to be hindered by old and out-dated habits that need to be changed. What may seem to be an obstacle or hindrance today may prove to be a ‘blessing in disguise’ tomorrow. It tells you to look to new experiences with optimism as they will bring about favourable and positive effects and opportunities. This helps with achieving goals and aspirations, and allows for the ‘old’ to be replaced with the ‘new’."]
"Angel Number 120 is a message to trust that all will work out for the highest good of all. Have faith and trust that outcomes will be favourable and beneficial to you."
"Angel Number 120 tells you to ensure that all you put out to the Universe is of a positive nature. Stay on a positive path and to use your natural skills, talents and abilities to their utmost for the benefit of yourself and others."
["When the Angel Number 120 appears your angels may be telling you to look to new and different ways to enhance your home, garden and surrounds. Use the principles of","and add some freshness to your home with a view to upgrading and reinvigorating your environment. A positive atmosphere fosters positive energies and the angels encourage you to surround yourself with love, beauty and gaiety."]
["Number 120 also relates to","(1+2+0=3) and","."]
"See also:"
"*"
