["Number 1484 is made up of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 4 (with number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the vibrations of number 8.","resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative and instinct, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","carries the vibrations of will and effort, traditional values, ability and stability, responsibility and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and establishing foundations, determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose in life, and resonates with the energies of the",".","adds its influences of personal power and authority,",",","material freedom and abundance, efficiency, dependability and self-confidence.  Number 8 is also the number of the","(","= Cause and Effect)."]
["Angel Number 1484 suggests that the hard work and effort you have put towards following your intuition and living your life according to your personal truths has fully aligned you with your","and",", and with this you will","e and plenty to maintain and sustain you as you continue along your path. Working persistently and passionately towards your highest goals and aspirations will see you achieving personal fulfilment and success on all levels. Trust that the angels are supporting, encouraging and guiding you, always.  Angel Number 1484 encourages you to continue to strive forward."]
"Angel Number 1484 may also be indicating that it is time to fully let go of a circumstance or situation that has come to an end, and release it from your life.  As one door closes, another one opens, and the angels are with you to assist with any transitions you may undergo.  Have faith and trust that these endings will soon bring changes and new beginnings that will prove to be the answers to your prayers.  Expect some wonderfully auspicious changes to enter your life shortly."
["Knowledge and","are powerful, and being aware of your intuitive self is your key to unlocking the gifts of your soul."]
["Number 1484 relates to","(1+4+8+4=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
