["Number 672 is a compilation of the energies and vibrations of number 6 and number 7, and the attributes of number 2.","is the number of","and simplicity, love of home and family, honesty and integrity, nurture and care, simplicity and reliability, provision and the material aspects of life. Number 6 also resonates with problem-solving and solution-finding.","adds its vibrations of mysticism,",",","and",", understanding the self and others, study and education, persistence of purpose and determination,","and",", evolution and good fortune.","resonates with the attributes of service to others, finding balance and harmony,  faith and trust, insight, sensitivity and intuition, diplomacy, encouragement and support, and serving your","and","."]
["Angel Number 672 relates to your spiritual path as well as home, family, relationships and the monetary aspects of life. Your recent choices and actions have had positive effects on your life and you are encouraged to get on with living your personal truths. Be open-hearted, accepting of others, generous of spirit, and serve your","with passion and persistence, knowing within that you are on your right life path. Continue listening to your intuition and the","regarding the next steps upon your spiritual path. You are well blessed by the angelic and spiritual realms."]
["Angel Number 672 brings","that you have been working from the heart to help, assist and serve others, and you have been serving your","with compassion and commitment. You are on the right path in your life and have been following your intuition and","exactly as Divined. The","applaud you in your efforts and fully support and encourage you to continue on your current path."]
["To find your","and",", ask yourself:"]
"“What is my passion?”"
"“What do I feel passionate about?”"
"“What is it that I love to do, that I want to do with my life?”"
"“What makes me happy?”"
"You will know your passion and purpose because they make your pulse race and your heart sing."
["Number 672 relates to","(6+7+2=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
