["Number 1406 is made up of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the energies and influences of number 0 and number 6.","carries the"]
"energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, new beginnings and"
["starting afresh.  Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with practicality and application, hard"]
"work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive and"
["passion in life, and the",".  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point."]
["is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may"]
"entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.  Number 0 magnifies and amplifies the vibrations of the"
["numbers it appears with.","resonates with home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, problem-solving,"]
"responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing."
["Angel Number 1406 suggests that your focus is currently on the material world and you may be losing sight of your","and","due to financial"]
"worries and/or anxieties.  Your angels ask that you let go of your worries as these fears are blocking the flow of positive energy.  Have faith and trust that all of your"
["monetary and material needs will be met when you let go of fears of lack and/or loss.  All you need to do is relax and","."]
"Angel Number 1406 indicates that you are on the right path and you are making progress towards your intended results and incomes. You are being given support and"
"encouragement along your path, and when faced with an obstacle, rest assured that your angels are most willing to assist.  Be assured that solutions to any issues or"
"problems will soon be revealed."
"Angel Number 1406 asks you to keep your thoughts positive and optimistic in regards to the material issues in your life.  Trust that with hard work, consideration and"
"determination you will be able to ensure that all of your needs will be met. Give any fears, worries or concerns about the material aspects of your life to the angels to"
["heal and transmute, and trust that all will be taken care of as you continue to focus upon your",".  Listen to the","in regards to all"]
"aspects of your life, and trust in the benevolence of the Universe."
"Angel Number 1406 also encourages you to look at your current home and lifestyle and consider ways to uplift your environment in order to usher in more positive"
"energies.  Do not be afraid to express yourself with joy, optimism and creativity.  Add beauty to your environment and everyday life."
["Number 1406 relates to the karmic","(1+4+6=11) and","."]
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
