"Number 1481 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the vibrations and energies of number 4 and number 8."
"signifies assertiveness, independence, motivation, striving forward and new beginnings, positivity and achieving success.  Number 1 reminds us that"
"and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities."
"resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, inner-wisdom, and diligence and determination to"
["achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the",".","brings its vibrations of personal power and authority,"]
["self-confidence, giving and receiving, philanthropy and benevolence, business acumen and achieving personal success,","and the"]
["concept of","-  the","."]
"Angel Number 1481 is a message of support from your angels in regards to new projects, ventures and financial undertakings, as these will prove to be successful and"
["profitable.  Make your","your priority and your angels and the Universe will see to it that your needs are met, and your hard work, will and effort will be"]
["rewarded with success, personal satisfaction and abundance.",", and in keeping with the laws of",", share your"]
["with others as you feel most appropriate.","to your angels and maintain an optimistic and positive outlook about all aspects of your"]
"life"
"Take special notice of your repetitive thoughts, ideas, visions and dreams as they are giving you clear messages urging you to make changes and/or take action. Have the"
"courage to step into your own personal power and live your life according to your own truths and values."
"If you are feeling inclined to begin, pursue or expand a spiritually-based practice, profession or career, Angel Number 1481 can suggest that it is an auspicious time to"
["begin, and you will find long-term success and personal fulfilment as you help others and serve your soul mission.  Tap into your truths, passion and","."]
"Angel Number 1481 may also indicate that it is a time to fully let go of a situation that has ended.  The angels remind you that as one door closes, another one opens, and"
"they are with you helping with the transitions you are undergoing.  Have faith and trust that these endings and new beginnings will prove to be the answers to your"
"prayers."
["Number 1481 relates to","(1+4+8+1=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
