"Number 1443 is a combination of the vibrations of number 1 and the attributes of number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of number 3."
"brings with it the attributes of initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and taking a fresh approach.  It also relates to"
["motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with practicality"]
"and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, inner-wisdom, and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also"
["relates to our drive, passion and purpose.  Number 4 also relates to the",".","adds self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm,"]
["skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase.  Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the",". The"]
["Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity"]
"and love within."
["Angel Number 1443 is a message that the","are guiding and assisting you along your path right now.  You are completely"]
["supported and protected by the angelic and spiritual realms, and they have heard your prayers and","and are responding and answering your pleas."]
"Trust that they will assist you with manifesting all that you need to support and sustain you along your journey.  Expect to receive some well-earned rewards and"
["abundance to enter your life.","-  those already present, and those yet to come."]
"Angel Number 1443 asks that you acknowledge the determination, patience, discipline and hard work you have put into your endeavours in the past, and know that they"
"will have long-term benefits and rewards for yourself and your loved ones.  Take heart that your will and efforts have been well worth your while, and your angels"
"encourage you to keep up the great work you have been doing."
["Angel Number 1443 is","that the creativity and joy you have injected into your work and daily life has brought about positive energies, making"]
"things go smoothly for you in your life.  Your angels, Archangels and Ascended Masters applaud your efforts and encourage you to continue on your current path.  Know"
"that the work you do is of great value and your determination and persistent efforts have manifested many blessings in your life."
"Trust that doors of opportunity will open for you to express your natural talents in ways that help others."
["Number 1443 relates to","(1+4+4+3=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
