"Number 849 is a compilation of the vibrations and influences of number 8 and number 4, and the attributes of number 9."
["relates to self-confidence and personal authority,",", higher wisdom, achievement and successes, practicality, consideration, giving and receiving, and serving humanity. Number 8 is also the number of","; the","."]
["encourages working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, conscientiousness, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, the concept of karma, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and","."]
["Angel Number 849 suggests that the guidance you have been receiving through your intuitive thoughts, feelings and visions are directly connected to your",", and your","ask that you trust these messages and promptings, and take positive action as guided."]
["Angel Number 849 is a powerful message from your",", indicating that they are supporting your","and encouraging you to take up a","or service-based project or venture. Know that you are on the right path in all ways in your life, and the","urge you to continue with enthusiasm and passion."]
["Angel Number 849 indicates that you may feel prompted to be of service to others and humanity in general. Trust that you have all the abilities, skills and talents you need to fulfill your","duties and destiny. Know that only you can fulfill your","and","."]
"Take responsibility for your own growth and all aspects of your life, and focus positively on your own energies. Be your own powerful guide and live your life as a positive example to others. Express your truths every day and know that you were born for great things."
["Number 849 relates to","(8+4+9=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
