["Number 1494 is a combination of the vibrations of number 1 and the attributes of number 4 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the energies of number 9.","encourages us to step forward in our chosen direction and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.  Number 1 brings its qualities of ambition, motivation and progress, insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment.","resonates with patience and practicality, stability and reliability, hard work and effort, building solid foundations, our passion and drive in life and working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations.  Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","resonates with",", humanitarianism and service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example, tolerance and benevolence, the",",","and the","and serving your",".  Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."]
"Angel Number 1494 indicates that the work you have been doing or a project that you have been working on may be coming to a conclusion. Success and a sense of achievement will be found and you will reap rewards for the work, effort and determination you have expelled.  Trust that wonderful new opportunities will present to you in the near future setting you on an auspicious new course or direction. Your ideal employment or an income-earning venture or opportunity will present itself in Divine right time so stay alert to the signs and guidance given through your intuition, thoughts, dreams and feelings  -  then  take positive action."
["Angel Number 1494 is a message to fully devote yourself to your true","and",", and/or to ways to use your natural passions and interests in positive ways to assist and serve others.  Listen to your intuition and the","as your repetitive thoughts, feelings and ideas are giving you clues and instructions as to the next steps along your spiritual journey.  Angel Number 1494 is a sign that the","are with you, supporting, encouraging and guiding you towards and along your life path and soul mission. Trust that your hard work and devotion will have long term positive effects on your own life, and on the lives of others."]
"We are drawn to different pathways based upon what our soul needs to learn.  None is better or worse or less or more important than another.  We each play a vital role, and our lives are significant and important.  Angel Number 1494 encourages you to fulfill your personal potential and destiny on all levels."
["Number 1494 relates to","(1+4+9+4=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
