["Number 3048 is a blend of the energies of number 3, the influences of number 0, the attributes of number 4, and the vibrations of number 8.","encourages self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, being brave and courageous, natural talent and skills, friendliness and sociability,","and",", growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 is also associated with the",".","represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with.","resonates with patience, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, conscientiousness, progress, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive in life, and relates to the energies of the",".","relates to self-reliance, reality,","wealth and",", self-confidence,","and good judgement, achievement, giving and receiving, philanthropy and serving humanity, and","; the","."]
["Angel Number 3048 reminds you that","presents in many forms such as joy, good health, loving relationships, time and energy, as well as monetary freedom; anything that brings your true happiness.","is a Universal principle that many of us do not experience because we misinterpret it. We believe it means having material things and striving for more of those things. But abundance really means understanding that our eternity and our Universe are endless. Accept","when it is presented to you and use it for the betterment and upliftment of your own life and that of others."]
["If you wish to experience","in all areas of your life, look deeply at the inner-beliefs you hold and seek out those that are not serving you. Which are your own beliefs, and which have been ingrained into you by others? Are you hindering your own growth by following beliefs that others have imposed on you?","what resonates with you and what does not, and be rid of negative beliefs and thought-patterns. Have the courage to live by your own truths and walk your own path."]
"Know that you are worthy to receive all the blessings that the Universe has to offer you."
["Number 3048 relates to","(3+0+4+8=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
