["Number 1964 relates to","(1+9+6+4=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"Number 1964 is made up of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 9, and the vibrations and influences of number 6 and number 4."
"Number 1"
["promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, uniqueness and individuality, ambition and will power. Number 1 reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones in order to pursue our passions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with","and",", humanitarianism and serving your","as a",", the concepts of","and","and the",", altruism and benevolence, non-conformity,","and leading others by positive example."]
"Number 6"
"relates to home, family and domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, solution-finding and problem-solving, seeing clearly, teaching, convention, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing."
"Number 4"
["brings the energies of working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the energy of the",".","Angel Number 1964 encourages you to put your energy, efforts and focus towards being true to yourself and",". You are being helped and","in regards to the next steps to take along your path and all that you need in your daily life will be supplied for you. Trust that your home, family and material aspects will be provided for. Give the","any worries or concerns you may have and allow them to alleviate your fears and heal and transmute them. Trust that as you work for the highest good for yourself and others you automatically","auspicious opportunities and",", so be open to receiving help and assistance (of all kinds) that will sustain and maintain you along your path. The","give you courage and clarity about your","destiny and assure you that any issues or hindrances will be solved and obstacles overcome.","Angel Number 1964 tells of reaping material rewards and benefits for great work well done, and suggests that the most suited and appropriate career/life choices or opportunities will soon present in your life. Maintain a","and an optimistic outlook about your life in general and take action on the ideas, thoughts and promptings you have been experiencing. Follow your intuition and the","and",".","Angel Number 1964 encourages you to take on the responsibilities of using your natural skills and talents in such a way that you create more","for yourself and others. Do not get caught up on other people’s dramas and dilemmas as they distract you from the positives in your own life and takes your focus and attention away from your own path and the things that are important to you. Instead, make your life fulfilling, loving and joyful and set a positive example for others to follow."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
