"Number 1420 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and qualities of number 2 and the powerful number 0."
"promotes new beginnings, ambition and motivation, striving forward and progress, will-power, self-leadership and assertiveness. Number 1 also relates to"
["with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings the vibrations of practical thinking, security and building solid foundations for"]
"ourselves and others, inner-wisdom and patience, application and productivity.  Number 4 also relates to our passions and what motivates and drives us in our lives, as"
["well as the",".","carries the qualities of partnerships and relationships, duality, service and duty to others, balance and harmony, adaptability,"]
["diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity.  Number 2 also relates to","and",".","is considered to"]
"represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with"
"and abilities.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 resonates with"
"eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears"
"with."
"Angel Number 1420 is a message that you can ask for extra guidance and assistance with a long-term project or new venture you are considering. Be aware of"
"opportunities presenting in your life, and trust that they are taking place for good reason.  Take up these opportunities with trust and faith that they are for your betterment"
"and will help you to achieve long-term success."
["Angel Number 1420 indicates that you have opening your heart to wonderful possibilities and opportunities to do with your","and",".  You have a"]
"strong and clear connection with the angelic and spiritual realms and are receiving Divine guidance through your intuition, dreams and recurring thoughts.  Trust the"
["messages and","and follow accordingly."]
["Angel Number 1420 is a reminder to maintain faith and trust in the angels and the Universal Energies.  Your","is an important one and you are prompted to put"]
["your efforts towards living and serving it to the full.  Using","and maintaining optimistic thoughts and intentions has helped you to have a clear"]
"connection with your angels and the angelic realm.  Have faith and trust that your angels surround you with love, light and support.  Trust that you are safe, protected and"
["surrounded by the","."]
"Angel Number 1420 also encourages you to pursue your ideal career and/or profession.  If you are intuitively prompted to begin or expand a"
", the angels will assist with establishing the foundations that will lead to your desired results and ultimate success.  Working to serve others will"
"manifest all that you want and need in your life.  When you express love generously as well as draw on love, the love within you increases."
["Number 1420 relates to","(1+4+2+0=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
