["Number 318 is a blend of the vibrations and attributes of number 3, the energies of number 1 and the influences of number 8.","offers assistance and encouragement, communication and enthusiasm, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, broad-minded thinking, communication and self-expression, talent and skills. Number 3 often indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked.","brings the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach. It also relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings it vibrations of",", self-confidence and personal authority,",", achievement, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity. Number 8 is also the number of","– the","."]
["Angel Number 318 brings","about your finances and monetary circumstances. Your","and prayers have been heard, and your","noted. Follow your intuition and","and take action accordingly. Trust that your beliefs, mind-set and actions will manifest an abundance of supply and your wants and needs will be met. Look forward to new opportunities and positive changes and be grateful for your blessings. Be true to yourself in all ways."]
["Angel Number 318 suggests that you keep listening to your","and","and take positive action as directed. There may be some new opportunities that will present to you in regards to income, employment and/or promotion, so do not be afraid to try something new, different and exciting. Trust that you have all the skills and abilities you will need, and what you don’t already know, you will learn quickly. The angels are helping you to",", and you are reminded that as with","’ when you have plenty, you have plenty to share with others."]
"Do not be afraid of your own power."
"Do not allow fears imposed upon you by others to deplete, manipulate or coerce you. Stand in your own strengths, be true to yourself and live each moment accordingly. Fear is used to control. Do not fall for it."
"Allow your true power to shine and illuminate the way for others."
"“To remember who you are you need to forget who they told you to be.”  -  Unknown"
["Number 318 relates to","(3+1+8=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
