["Number 1712 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and energies of number 7 and number 2.","promotes changes, new beginnings and ventures, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. Number 1 carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, and relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with Universal Energies, determination and persistence of purpose, study, learning and education, faith and spirituality, inner-strength and",",","and",", mysticism,","and",".","brings balance and harmony, duality and adaptability, devotion, duty and service, diplomacy and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and","."]
["Angel Number 1712 encourages you to seek and establish balance between your spirituality and your day-to-day duties and responsibilities. Seek peace and tranquillity in your life as through quiet contemplation and inner-reflection you will be able to weather all storms that come your way. Now is also a great time to expand your personal","and bask in the glow of love, light and positive energies."]
["Angel Number 1712 is a message to continue doing the spiritual, emotional and mental work you have been doing as they are having positive effects on your life. The","encourage and support your spirituality and are with you for guidance and assistance whenever you ask for it."]
["You may feel inclined to take up a new or different line of study or research that piques your interest, and your","encourage you to follow their guidance as the knowledge you accrue will hold you in good stead for the future. What you learn today will benefit you now and in the future. Through attuning to your angels and your own inner-knowing, you will find your true","in life."]
["Number 1712 relates to the karmic","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (1+7+1+2=11, 1+1=2)."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
