["Number 1386 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 3, and the vibrations and qualities of number 8 and number 6.","contributes its"]
"vibrations of optimism, intuition and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, motivation and activity, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and"
["progress.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with self-expression and"]
"communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase.  Number 3 also carries the"
["vibrations of the",". The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","."]
["They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","relates to personal power and authority, self-confidence and self-assurance, giving and receiving,"]
["philanthropy and benevolence, business acumen and achieving personal success,","and","-  the","."]
"resonates with material possessions, status and the monetary aspects of life, problem-solving and solution-finding, service and domesticity, home and family,"
"love and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity."
"Angel Number 1386 is a message to surrender and release all financial fears or worries to the angels for healing and transmutation.  Trust your own skills, talents and"
["abilities, as you are good at what you do for a reason, and when you do what you love, all that you need will come to you.  As you","and Divine"]
"life path the angels will ensure that your material and monetary needs are met."
"Angel Number 1386 is a message to shift your focus from the financial and material aspects of your world to your inner-spirituality and to what you really want to do"
"with your life.  It asks you to be true to yourself and not fear stepping out of your comfort zone to make full use of your natural skills and talents in a positive and"
"uplifting way.  Listen to your intuitive messages and take on new ventures and/or projects with enthusiasm and optimism."
["The","are helping you to manifest the material items you need to help you",".  Whether it be time, money, contacts, location or"]
"whatever, the angels and Masters are working to bring it to you so that you can conduct your teaching, healing and/or humanitarian work.  You deserve to receive this"
"help as it better enables you to give to others."
"Spend time doing things that enrich and fulfill your life."
["Number 1386 relates to","(1+3+8+6=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
