["Number 1991 relates to","(1+9+9+1=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"Number 1991 brings together the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 9, with both numbers appearing twice, amplifying their influences."
"Number 1"
["relates to","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions. It brings positivity, ideas, creation and new beginnings, motivation, striving forward and progress, ambition, self-leadership and assertiveness."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, and endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",",",",","and the",". Number 1991 relates to endings followed by new beginnings and is a ‘humanitarian’ vibration.","Angel Number 1991 can be suggesting that some aspects of your life are coming to a close and/or an important phase or cycle is coming to an end. This is making room and preparing you to begin a wonderful new life and lifestyle that will see all fall into place for you in the most positive ways. Trust that all the information, guidance and assistance you will need upon your path will be supplied by the","and Universal Energies as required.","Angel Number 1991 indicates that your",", thoughts and","have created wonderful opportunities for you to take advantage of and your","urge you to take up the challenges. Trust that your courage, initiative and action will be of great spiritual benefit for yourself and others. Stay optimistic and positive of mind about the path ahead of you and trust that your","surround you with love and encouragement as you focus upon your Divine life path.","Angel Number 1991 brings a reminder that","and indicates that a new door of opportunity has opened up for you due to your positive intentions and actions. Make the most of these opportunities and stay positive as the Universe aligns to set you on your Divine life path and",". Your","encourage you to shed a positive light on all in your life and beyond and prompt you to look to how you are able to be of service to humanity through serving your",".","Remember that there is an","at your shoulder to guide you through life’s mazes."]
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
