["Number 1336 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 3 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the attributes of number 6.","relates to creation, fresh starts and new beginnings, attainment and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. It also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and encourages us to extend ourselves beyond our comfort zones.","brings its vibrations of growth and expansion, sensitivity, self-expression, creativity, joy and optimism.  Number 3 also relates to the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.  The Masters also assist with",".","relates to the qualities of unconditional love, balance and harmony, love of home and family, service to others, selflessness, responsibility, self-sacrifice, humanitarianism, the ability to compromise, problem solving and solution finding."]
["Angel Number 1336 encourages you to shift your focus from the financial and material aspects of your everyday life to your","and to what you really want to do with your life.  It asks you to be true to yourself and not fear stepping out of your comfort zone and make use of your natural skills and talents in positive and uplifting ways.  Listen to the voice of your intuition and take on new ventures and/or projects with enthusiasm and optimism."]
["Angel Number 1336 suggests that your prayers and","regarding your material wants and needs (eg money, home, food etc) are being answered and responded to, and you have manifested the energies of","into your life.  Have faith and trust that your needs will be met and you and your loved ones will have all that you require in your lives. When you expect the best, the best is what you get."]
["Angel Number 1336 is a message to trust that your home and family will be catered for and material needs will be met.  Keep your focus on your truths and release any fears of lack or loss to your","for transmutation and healing.  Your angels support and encourage you to keep your thoughts, prayers and expectations optimistic and positive as this will assist with","."]
["Number 1336 relates to","(1+3+3+6=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
