["Number 1234 resonates with the compilation of the qualities of number 1 and number 2, and the attributes of number 3 and number 4.","promotes new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and taking action, striving forward and progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition.  Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with service to others, diplomacy and compromise, balance, flexibility and adaptability, duality, encouragement and kindness.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and",".","adds self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase.  Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the",".  It indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked.  The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity,",", and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose."]
"Number 1 encourages you to step forward and start something new, different and life-changing.  Number 2 sets you on your course with balance, faith and ability, and number 3 sees expansion of concepts and life-themes, and expressing and communicating from your authentic self.  Number 4 encourages stability working steadily towards goals.  Angel Number 1234 can be seen as a number of progression and/or steps along a journey or life path."
["Angel Number 1234 is often seen as ‘steps’, with subsequent number sequences (eg. 567 ... 789 etc) appearing once the 1234 sequence is acknowledged and recognized, and the ‘steps’ and actions taken by the individual.  If feeling any doubts or fears about which actions to take,","and listen to",".  Know that you have all that you need within to achieve your goals and aspirations ... you just have to make the choices to do so, and take the appropriate actions.   Have faith and trust in yourself, your","and the","."]
"Angel Number 1234 indicates that you may have to put some hard work and effort towards a new project, venture or important life-change, and these will be of long-term benefit to yourself and your loved ones.  Trust that the work and effort you have put in towards achieving your goals and aspirations will be well worth your while and you will find long-term success and personal fulfilment."
["Number 1234 can also be seen as","(1+2+3+4=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
