["Number 1521 is made up of the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and energies of number 5 and number 2.","encourages us to strive forward with courage and tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.  Number 1 resonates with the vibrations of beginning new projects or ventures, inner-strength and tenacity, creation and activity, attainment and success.","resonates with the attributes of","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, adventure, resourcefulness,","through experience, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way.","brings it energies of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
["Angel Number 1521 is a message to keep your faith and trust strong, and expect the very best to manifest into your life.  Maintaining a","and an optimistic outlook will help to","auspicious circumstances, experiences and opportunities in your life, and you are encouraged to elevate your thoughts, ideals and expectations. Expect the best, and you will receive it."]
["Angel Number 1521 is","about the choices, changes and new opportunities presenting in your life.  Your angels ask you to trust that these life changes are in-line with your","and are most necessary for your growth and personal and spiritual development."]
"Angel Number 1521 also tells you not to be hindered by old patterns and habits that are in need of change and to look upon new experiences with optimism as they will bring about positive effects and favourable opportunities and results."
"Our sphere of awareness grows as we pay close attention to the intentions and motivations that drive our actions, and to the effects that our actions are creating.  Value the choices that insight brings you."
["Number 1521 relates to","(1+5+2+1=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
