["Number 2948 is compiled of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 9, and the vibrations and values of number 4 and number 8.","resonates with service to others, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and mediation, flexibility, compassion and understanding, faith and trust, support and encouragement, and serving your","and",".","relates to the",", a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, leading life as a positive example, benevolence and altruism, non-conformity, humanitarianism and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","is the number of effort and will, patience and persistence, realistic values, ability and stability, service and devotion, practicality and responsibility, building solid foundations and achieving success and positive results. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","relates to self-reliance, reality,","wealth and",", self-confidence,","and good judgement, achievement, giving and receiving, philanthropy and serving humanity, and","; the","."]
"Angel Number 2948 encourages you to be true to yourself in every way. Everyone has their own truths and beliefs that are to be respected, but if someone tries to push their beliefs on you, stand in your own power and remember that it is their truth, not yours. Accept that everyone has different perspectives, but do not allow others to distort or negate what you know to be your truths within."
["The rules, restrictions and limiting beliefs put upon yourself and that others may push on you can prevent you from experiencing joys that you may never could have imagined. They also serve to block the flow of","into your life. Push aside limiting beliefs that hold you back in any way and take control of what you wish to make of your life. Approach your life with an open heart and allow yourself the freedom of following your bliss unhindered."]
"Angel Number 2948 brings a message to establish solid foundations for yourself so that you have the self-belief and confidence to take on tasks ahead of you. Start from the beginning and structure your plans so that they are manageable and achievable. Gather your strengths, natural talents and passions and use them for the betterment of yourself and others. With positive intentions, a firm belief in yourself and right action you will succeed at all that you set your mind to. Do not underestimate yourself."
["Number 2948 relates to number 5 (2+9+4+8=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
