["Number 1620 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the attributes and qualities of number 2 and number 0.","resonates with the energies of creation and beginning new projects and ventures with a view to achieving success, strength, self-reliance and tenacity, inspiration and fulfilment. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to a love of home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, solution-finding and care and nurturing.","adds it energies of balance and harmony, duality, co-operation and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, ambition, sensitivity, placidity, just and justice.  Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and",".","is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with",".  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 1620 prompts you to ask yourself what your passions and","are.  Listen to your intuition and take heed of your soul’s urgings.  Ask yourself, “what brings me closer to my",", and what takes me away from it?”"]
["Angel Number 1620 is also a message to stay strong and centered and trust that your material needs will be met, most likely in the most unexpected of ways. Use",",","and a","to manifest your desired outcomes in all areas of your life. Look for new ways to bring love and light into your home and family life."]
["Angel Number 1620 asks that you trust the guidance you have been receiving intuitively regarding the next steps to take.  Your ideas, thoughts and actions will provide solutions to your monetary issues.  Have faith and trust that your material wants and needs will be taken care of as you pursue your life purpose.  Give any fears or worries to the","to heal and transmute.  Your next step is to take positive action in the right direction."]
"Pay attention to the energies around you and the energy you possess. When things are out of balance find a quiet place and be still within yourself. Pray for peace and mediate on stillness as this will help to balance and quiet your center. You cannot operate at your best when you are consumed with chaos.  Trust that all problems will find a solution in Divine right time."
["Number 1620 relates to","(1+6+2+0=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
