["Number 660 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of the powerful number 0.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, caring and nurturing others, expressing","and",", personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles.","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies/‘God force’,"]
["potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point."]
"Angel Number 660 asks you to balance your physical, material and spiritual lives. When you focus upon your spirituality and live a conscientious and responsible lifestyle you will ensure that your material needs are met and all that you need comes to you. Give any fears or anxieties about your monetary situation to the angels for healing and transmutation, and trust that as you live your spiritual truths all of your needs will be provided for."
"Angel Number 660 asks you to maintain faith and trust in the benevolence of the Universe and be open to receiving and accepting blessings on all levels. Trust that your earthly needs will be met and provided for yourself and your loved ones and all is well in regards to your home and family life. Enjoy your relationships and companionship with those close and give love freely and unconditionally."
["Angel Number 660 encourages you to look upon all aspect of your life with optimism and you will find that all issues will be resolved and solutions found. The focus is on emotions, family, the home environment and you as a person. The","are sending you positive energy and balance so that you are able to stay focused upon your path unhindered. Every problem has a solution so use your resolve and the help of your angels to find your solutions and overcome obstacles with ease."]
["Number 660 relates to","(6+6+0=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
