"Number 977 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 9 and number 7, with the mystical number 7 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["is the number of knowledge and understanding,","and listening to the inner-self, emotions and feelings,","and",", learning and education, determination and persistence of purpose, mysticism,","and spiritual gifts."]
["Angel Number 977 brings a message of commendation and congratulations to you from the","and Universal Energies as they are very pleased with the","you have done and are continuing to do and they want you to know that you are successfully serving your destined","and",". Angel Number 977 encourages you to expand and","and spiritual pursuits and live with truth, honesty and integrity."]
["Angel Number 997 can suggest that if you have been considering beginning or expanding a","or service-based project, pastime or hobby, now is a most auspicious time to put your plans into action. If you have been looking to pursue a line of study or higher-learning, look to","and synchronicities that will appear to guide you to the most suitable courses, books, websites and the like. Use your own","and follow only those leads that truly resonate within you."]
"Angel Number 977 also indicates that you are shedding old facets of your life that no longer positively serve you nor suit who you are, as you are now living a more authentic and purposeful life and lifestyle."
"A transformation of some kind is ahead of you so spend time in"
"and/or contemplation to truly understand yourself. Embark upon the journey to self-knowledge and ask yourself the questions you most want answered. Sit with your questions and you will be amazed and enlightened by the answers and knowledge that becomes clear to you. All that you need to know is already within you and you need only to take the time and focused intention and attention to allow for them to come to light. Ask yourself and trust the answers."
["Number 977 relates to","(9+7+7=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
