["Number 2018 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+0+1+8=11. 1+1=2)."]
"Number 2018 is a combination of the energies and influences of number 2 and number 0, and the attributes and vibrations of number 1 and number 8."
"Number 2"
["relates to service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, fulfilment and happiness, and your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["resonates with","and represents the beginning of a spiritual journey and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self. Number 0 also amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with, and relates to eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, potential and/or choice, and the beginning point."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, tenacity, striving forward and progress, and also reminds us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 8"
["brings personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance, good judgement,",", the concept of","and the",".","Angel Number 2018 relates to your personal spirituality, inner-knowing, tenacity and pursuing your","and rightful destiny. Have self-belief, faith and trust in yourself as your","and",", prayers and","have been heard and acknowledged by the","and Universal Energies. Stay focused, balanced and at peace within and know that all is in Divine right order and Divine right time. Trust that your desired results will","in your life, so have faith and trust in your skills, talents and abilities and the power of self-belief. You have a great deal to achieve in this lifetime, and you are encouraged to step into your own power and live your life per your principles and truths. Remember that you are powerful, whole and complete within yourself.","Angel Number 2018 is a reminder that your thoughts, beliefs, intentions, actions and","determine the experiences of your life. If you are happy and content within and have faith and trust that you have what it takes to step up to your full potential to achieve success in whatever area you wish, then that is what you will receive. A","and right action assists with","and attracting","and success on many levels. Give yourself permission to shine.","Maintain a","and perspective about your life path and trust that you will manifest positive results, rewards and blessings in many ways. Be wise in your dealings with others and stand up for things that are just and true. Believe that there are no limits to what you can achieve when you put your heart and soul into it."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
