"Number 804 is a compilation of the energies of number 8, the influences of number 0, and the qualities of number 4."
["resonates with giving and receiving,",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, insight and intelligence. Number 8 also relates to the concept of",", the","."]
["is the number of the Universal Energies/Source, the beginning point, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow,","and connecting with the Higher-self, and denotes freedom from limitations. Number 0 also amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["relates to practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience and practicality, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 804 is","that an important cycle or phase in your life is about to end and something you have been working on or towards will come to completion. Your","assure you that these changes are necessary and will usher in new opportunities and situations that will be better suited to your wants and needs and your","and",". This may be in relation to your career and/or income earning capacities."]
["Angel Number 804 is an indication that the","are helping you with your finances and with",". Call upon the ‘angels of abundance’ for guidance and support. W"]
"ork well done in the past is bringing you rewards today and into the future."
"Angel Number 804 brings encouragement to be positive, productive and powerful within yourself. If you have been feeling stagnant and unable to move in a positive direction, find inner-joy, get moving, get creative, express yourself, and use them to propel you into a new phase of productivity. Take the vision you have for yourself and your life and project your vision into your future."
["Number 804 relates to","(8+0+4=12, 1+2=3) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
