["Number 2142 relates to","(2+1+4+2=9) and","."]
"Number 2142 brings together the attributes of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the vibrations of number 1, and the energies of number 4."
"Number 2"
["represents balance and harmony, duality, faith, devotion, insight, co-operation, adaptability and diplomacy, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions and relates to new beginnings, motivation, progress, self-reliance, achievement and attainment."]
"Number 4"
["brings the vibrations of practical thinking, security and building solid foundations for ourselves and others, inner-wisdom and patience, application and productivity. Number 4 also relates to our passions and what motivates and drives us in our lives, and resonates with the energies of the",".","Angel Number 2142 is an important message to do with your personal spirituality and",", and the","are helping you to recognise and acknowledge the Divine light within yourself and others. You are encouraged to see yourself in a higher light (as your true self), and your","are helping to boost your self-esteem and self-belief. Stay balanced, grounded and focused, safe in the knowledge that you are fully supported you as you serve your Divine purpose and spiritual journey. Your prayers,",",","and","have been heard and the","and","encourage you to maintain faith and trust in yourself and the Universal Energies. Trust that your desired results will be manifested into fruition in your life and all is going to Divine right order.","Angel Number 2142 asks that you acknowledge the determination, discipline and hard work you have put into your endeavours, and know that they will bring long-term benefits and rewards to your life. You have shown great tenacity and initiative, so take heart that your efforts have been well worth your while. Your","and the","encourage you to keep up the great work you have been doing.","Angel Number 2142 also encourages you to pursue your ideal career and/or profession. If you are intuitively prompted to begin or expand a",", practice or profession or heart-based service, the","will assist with establishing the foundations that will lead to your desired results and long-term success. Working to serve others will","all that you want and need in your life, and when you do things you love, and put your heart and soul towards achieving your goals, the","give you guidance and assistance every step of the way."]
"*"
