"resonates with the influences and attributes of personal freedom, unconventional, individualism, non-attachment, major life changes, life lessons learned"
["through experience,",", courage, motivation, telepathy, the intellect, activity, influence, the adventurer, sensuality, the promoter,"]
"natural flair, vivaciousness, health, sympathy, motivation, competitiveness, idealism, non-conventional, curiosity, magnetism, experience, pleasure-loving, vitality, the"
"visionary, expansion, opportunity, imagination, individualism, healing, choice, mercy, kindness, invention, resourcefulness, competitiveness, self-emancipation,"
"physicality, impulsiveness, energy, travel, excitement, auspicious opportunities."
["The","symbolizes the principles of multiplicity, progression and passion and signifies the need for change, variety and new growth. The number 5 relates to"]
["personal freedom,","and major life changes, transformation and transmutation."]
["When","appears consistently it indicates that there are changes for the better coming into your life. The energies are now building up to force much"]
"needed changes and these changes may come around with unexpected haste, but they will usher in positive energies and opportunities and will catapult you along on"
"your path in the right direction."
["The","is a message from your","that it is time to break free from old restraints and constraints that have held you back in the past.  It"]
["is time to ‘live your passion!’","is telling you that big changes are ahead, if not already around you."]
["The","indicates that major life changes are in store for you – in a very big way!","tells us that significant changes and transformations are"]
["here for you and you have an opportunity to break out of the chrysalis and uncover the amazing life you truly deserve as a spiritual being.  Your true","and path"]
"are awaiting you …"
"The 5555 number sequence is a message from the Universe that your life is about to go through some major changes, with new freedoms and living your inner- truths."
"See also:"
"*"
