"Number 1475 is a combination of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 7 and number 5."
"promotes creation, new beginnings and starting anew, motivation and progress, action and initiative, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress."
["Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with willpower and effort, traditional values, stability"]
["and ability, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals.  Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
["adds its qualities of",",","and",", persistence of purpose, faith and personal spirituality, inner-strength and"]
[", mysticism and",".  Number 7 also relates to learning, study and education.","brings the influences of major life changes,"]
["and decisions, promotion and advancements, adaptability, resourcefulness and versatility, personal freedom and individuality, and","learned"]
"through experience."
"Angel Number 1475 is a message regarding a change of direction or interest that will involve making choices affecting your lifestyle and/or career.  Making these"
["changes will bring about new opportunities and will move your life in a positive direction.  The","want to help you adapt to changing work/life situations by giving"]
"you energy and guidance that will shift and raise your frequency.  Allow the angels to help you with significant changes in your life that will increase your flow of"
["abundance in whatever way is most appropriate.","and enjoy them."]
"Angel Number 1475 is a sign that you are going through changes in your life that will bring you closer to your material goals as well as your spiritual aspirations.  The"
"changes you are feeling prompted or urged to make are right for you, and your angels encourage you to take positive action.  Your dreams, desires, wishes,"
"and prayers have manifested these changes and the opportunities that come along with them, and your angels support you in this course of action and direction.  Listen to"
"your own intuition and heart’s desires and trust that the time is right for you to live your dreams and do as your soul dictates.  Have no fears or doubts as to your"
"abilities, as you have all you need within you to sustain and maintain you along your path."
"The angels encourage you to look upon everything in your life as a gift.  Every experience that you encounter along your life’s journey is an opportunity to grow and"
["learn if you choose to see it that way. The angels are with you, giving you the courage to make","and changes that will bring you closer to"]
"."
["Number 1475 relates to","(1+4+7+5=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
