["Number 696 is a combination of the attributes of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations and energies of number 9.","relates to love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and",", problem-solving and solution-finding, provision and providing and the material aspects of life."]
["resonates with the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
"Angel Number 696 may be indicating that a material possession is about to leave your life and will be replaced with something better. Remember that you deserve the very best so be open to receiving new possessions that exceed your expectations as you are ready for an upgrade in your life."
"If you do not intend to lose or sell anything in your material life, make a point of changing your thoughts to alter this direction. Take stock of all that you have as it may be implying that it is time to de-clutter your home (or life in general) and be rid of the old. If you are intending to sell or be rid of something material in your life, Angel Number 696 is a sign that your wish is about to come true and your item will sell or leave your life quickly."
["Angel Number 696 also encourages you to let go of any fears of lack or loss in regards to your monetary and material issues, and trust that your needs will be met. When you learn to dissolve negative beliefs and fears and allow the positive to emerge, your life will change for the better. With the help of your","you may find that any problems or obstacles will solve themselves  -  sometimes in the most unexpected ways."]
"Fill your home and surrounds with joy, peace, happiness and positive energies. Put positive, loving energies into everything that you say and do."
["Number 696 relates to","(6+9+6=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
