"Number 990 is the combination of the vibrations of number 9 appearing twice, magnifying its influences, and the attributes of number 0."
["relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["is the number of the Universal Energies/Source, the beginning point, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow,","and connecting with the Higher-self, and denotes freedom from limitations. Number 0 also amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 990 brings","that you are to take heed of your intuition and follow your gut instincts in regards to the next steps to take along your path. The","are prompting you to leave behind situations and/or circumstances that no longer positively serve you, and get on with doing things that spark your passions and enthusiasm. It is time to fully serve your","and assist humanity as a",". Use your natural skills and talents to their full potential."]
["Angel Number 990 brings a message that whatever it is that you wish to","must first be created in your mind, then with conscious intention, the belief that it is a possibility, and the enthusiasm to do the work needed, you can create the life you desire. The Universal Energies will help you to",", but you must first discern exactly what you want and be willing to play your part. The fulfilment of your goals, desires and dreams are in your own hands."]
["If you are feeling inclined to pursue a",", heart-based service and/or an uplifting hobby or pastime, now is a most auspicious time to look to your options.","and use them to benefit yourself and others in a","capacity. As a","your responsibility is to empower, inspire, enlighten and strengthen others, and encourage them to be responsible for their own choices and actions. Recognize that everyone is Divine within their own right and are capable of finding their own way. Don’t run around trying to save people."]
["Angel Number 990 is","that the Universal Source fully supports your","and",". Listen to your intuition as the","are constantly sending you","and assistance along your path."]
["Number 990 relates to","(9+9+0=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
