["Number 2718 brings together the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 7, and the vibrations and influences of number 1 and number 8.","brings the qualities of balance and harmony, selflessness and service to others, diplomacy, mediation and co-operation, faith and trust, and also relates to serving your",".","relates to faith and spirituality, thoughtfulness, understanding the self and others,","and enlightenment, mysticism,","and",". Number 7 also resonates to study, education and learning.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition, initiative, new beginnings and starting afresh. Number 1 also relates to","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with","wealth and prosperity, inner-strength and",",",", patience, giving and receiving, the concept of","; the","."]
"Angel Number 2718 tells you to decide what it is that you really want in your life, then set your course and take positive action in the direction of your desires. It is within your personal power to create the life you want to live, and it is your duty to fulfill the aspirations of your soul. Look at things from a higher perspective and focus on what really matters to you. Reflect upon your life and current circumstances and examine your true, inner-feelings, your lifestyle choices and path you are currently on. Take the time to really know yourself on every level as only through self-knowledge and trust in your own power are you able to gain a true sense of self-worth and confidence to follow your dreams. Acknowledge your own personal power as this is the force that shapes your life."
["If you have been considering beginning a",", or a project or venture whereby you use your natural skills and abilities to serve and assist others, Angel Number 2718 may be a prompt to pursue your ideas and take positive action in the direction of your desires. Now is the moment in which you are creating your future."]
"Do not allow others to sap your optimism and serenity, and do not allow your self-worth to be dependent upon others opinions and views. Life brings you challenges to test your courage, tenacity and willingness to change, stretch, grow and learn."
["Number 2718 relates to","(2+7+1+8=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
