["Number 1661 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and qualities of number 6 also appearing twice, amplifying its qualities.","lends its vibrations of intuition and insight, new beginnings and fresh starts, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress. Number 1 encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with the influences of love of home and family, guardianship, clarity, honesty and integrity, compromise and diplomacy, problem-solving and solution-finding, providing, provision and material needs being met."]
["Angel Number 1661 tells you to ask for help in repairing or readjusting something in the material world that may be hindering or bothering you and causing undue anxiety. This may have to do with unresolved debt or a purchase or attainment of something of importance that you are unable to afford at present.  It may also be pertaining to a fear of land and/or loss. You are asked to trust that your material needs will be met and auspicious new opportunities will arise to ensure that you are well maintained and provided for in all ways. The","ask you not to be disheartened but to maintain a positive frame of mind as they are working hard behind the scenes to fulfill your needs. You are asked to remain receptive to the gifts of the Universe."]
["Angel Number 1661 encourages you to","in regards to any matters to do with your home, family and material life. Allow the angels to heal and transmute any anxieties you may be feeling and trust that with a","all will work out for your highest good. The focus is on emotions, family issues, the home environment and you as a person. Wonderful new energies will be entering your life which will lead to renewed enthusiasm regarding your home/family life and your relationships with others. The angels are sending you positive energy and balance so that you are able to stay focused on your path."]
"There are times in your life when you reach a fork in the road and must make choices.  When you look within you can come to the right answers and decisions as there is a perfect solution for every problem. Listen to and act on the promptings of your intuition."
["Number 1661 relates to","(1+6+6+1=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
