"Number 1041 is a combination of the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, magnifying its influences, and the attributes and energies of number 0 and number 4."
["relates to new beginnings, creation, progress, inspiration and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, action, motivation and progress, striving forward, uniqueness and individuality,",", positivity and activity."]
["is the number of the Universal Energies/Source, the beginning point, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow,","and connecting with the Higher-self, and denotes freedom from limitations. Number 0 also amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["relates to mastery, production and hard work, patience, organization and exactitude, structure, stability and endurance, self-control, conscientiousness, system and order, progress, service and devotion. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 1041 a number of practical thinking and instinctual knowledge, initiative, hard"
"work and construction, success and achieving abundance."
"Angel Number 1041 encourages you to use your natural, positive attributes to uplift others as you purposefully work towards attaining your goals and desires, whatever they may be. There may be some new opportunities that will present to you in regards to income, employment and/or promotion, so do not be afraid to try something new and different."
"Do not allow new opportunities to pass you by as new energies and directions are appearing for you to take full advantage of."
"Angel Number 1041 encourages you to put your ideas into action. Trust yourself and your inner-promptings and begin that new venture or project. Your will and effort"
["will bring about the desired results. Use","and",", intentions and prayers to assist with","your desired"]
"outcomes."
["Angel Number 1041 is also a prompt from your angels to take the time out and make the effort to",".  It is a message"]
"that you are to stop feeling anxiety, fear and/or worry about your financial situation/s as these negative emotions and energies block the flow of supply and abundance"
"into your life.  Give your worries over to the angels to transmute and heal."
["Angel Number 1041 indicates that the","are available to assist you with your positive thoughts, wishes and desires, and the","counsel you to make thoughtful"]
["and meaningful wishes at the moment. Remain very aware of your recurring thoughts as they will be","into your life."]
"Angel Number 1041 can also be telling you that your past efforts will bring about the results you have worked so hard for, and the efforts and work you put in today"
"will find long-term success."
["Number 1041 relates to","(1+0+4+1=6) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 14"
"Angel Number 104"
"Angel Number 114"
"Angel Number 140"
"Angel Number 141"
"Angel Number 144"
