["Number 1487 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 4, and the vibrations and influences of number 8 and number 7.","brings"]
"its vibrations of independence and uniqueness, creation and new beginnings, originality and initiative, inspiration and insight, motivation and striving forward.  Number"
["1 also tells you that you","with your thoughts, beliefs, intentions and actions.","relates to truth and integrity, practicality, working steadily"]
"towards goals and aspirations, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also relates to the"
["energies of the",".","adds its influences of",", personal power and authority, business acumen, a desire for peace and a"]
["love of humanity and world transformation,",", giving and receiving and the","–",".","relates with"]
["the attributes of",",","and",", mysticism and",", education, study and learning, understanding the self and others,"]
"and deeper knowledge."
"Angel Number 1487 acknowledges the hard work, dedication and efforts you have devoted to bettering your life and focusing upon your spiritual path.  This has assured"
["that you will have ‘plenty’ in your life as you have the abilities to","all that you require and desire into your life.  Maintain a","as Angel Number"]
"1487 is an auspicious sign of manifesting prosperity, achieving success, positive progress and spiritual advancement. Trust your angels to steer you towards suitable"
["career and life choices and continue on your path as you grow with","and find success in the material world.","for the blessings entering"]
"your life and remember to share your good fortune with others."
["Angel Number 1487 may also suggest that you have learned how to balance your spiritual life and practices (and/or a",") with the"]
"material, monetary and physical worlds, and this will see an increase to the flow of abundance in your life, as well as personal inner-peace and joy. The important"
"spiritual work you have been doing has ensured that your material wants and needs will be met, and your endeavours will reap both personal and financial rewards in"
"your life.  With this increase to your prosperity, be mindful that the more you have, the more you have to share with others."
"Your intuition helps you to navigate your world.  The more in-tune you are, the more inclined you are to make wiser and better choices for yourself and your life."
["Number 1487 relates to","(1+4+8+7=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
