["Number 1148 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its energies) and vibrations of the number 4 and number 8.  Number 1 resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative and instinct, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, striving forward and progress.","reminds us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Two number 1's appearing together relate to the Master Number 11.  The"
"relates to the principles of"
"and"
", illumination, high energy, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition, self-expression and sensitivity, and mysticism.  Master Number 11 tells us that to"
"connect with our higher-selves is to know and live our"
"and"
"."
"Number 4 carries the vibrations of will and effort, traditional values, ability and stability, responsibility and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and establishing foundations,"
", determination to achieve goals."
"also relates to our drive, passion and purpose."
"adds its energies of personal power and authority,"
", dependability and self-confidence.  Number 8 is also the number of"
"and the"
"(Cause and Effect)."
"Angel Number 1148 is a message from your angels that you are being guided and assisted in regards to your career and finances.  Your angels are offering you help, which will make you feel more relaxed and confident about your financial standings."
["If you are feeling inclined to begin, pursue or expand a",", Angel Number 1148 can suggest that it is an auspicious time to begin, and you will find long-term success and personal fulfilment as you help others and","."]
["Angel Number 1148 is a message of support and encouragement from","in regards to new projects, ventures and financial undertakings.  Trust that if you take full advantage of these opportunities and work towards achieving your goals, you will find success on all levels.  Make","your priority and your angels and the Universe will see to it that your needs are met, and your hard work, will and effort will be rewarded with",".  Stay","and maintain an optimistic and","and outlook."]
["Angel Number 1148 suggests that education, study and research will help your personal and",", and will assist you with",".  The angels stand by to guide and assist you with the process."]
["Number 1148 relates to","(1+1+4+8=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
