["Number 2999 is a combination of the vibrations of number 2, and the powerful energies of number 9 appearing tripled, magnifying its influences.","relates to receptivity and love, partnerships and relationships, duality, adaptability, faith and trust, service to others, flexibility, balance and harmony, diplomacy and mediation, understanding, support and encouragement, and serving your",".","is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
"Angel Number 2999 tells of circumstances, situations, relationships or even employment and career options that are coming under review at this time. This may lead to some things coming to an end or closure, leading to new directions and opportunities for further soul growth. Stay balanced, focused and open during this time and you will find that these endings and subsequent changes will be to your highest good. If you have been intuitively feeling that a part of your life is coming to a close or end, Angel Number 2999 brings validation for you."
["Angel Number 2999 encourages you to release and forgive situations, circumstances, yourself and other people for any hurts and/or regrets from the past. The spiritual lesson of forgiving and forgiveness is one that every soul must learn in order to find true healing for ourselves. Choosing love and forgiveness is one of the highest of","to be learned. If you hold onto the past, which no longer exists, you are using up valuable space in your life and preventing the wonderful new stuff (ie. Relationship, romance, job, career, home etc) from being able to enter. Releasing the past and forgiving frees you up to live and love in the present moment."]
["Express your unique soul and weave love into every aspect of your life and base your life on the principles of acceptance, integrity, compassion and co-operation. Realign with your heart and soul and discover your true nature and",". You have powerful energies within you and they are to be used for the betterment of your own life and that of others. Listen to your inner-yearnings and intuition and follow through with your insights and ideas. Trust that you will be able to find a comfortable balance between your material, family and spiritual paths."]
["Number 2999 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+9+9+9=29, 2+9=11, 1+1=2)."]
