"Number 1378 is a blend of the attributes of number 1, the vibrations of number 3 and the energies and influences of number 7 and number 8.  Number 1 encourages us to"
["step forward in our chosen direction, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions. Number 1 brings its qualities of ambition,"]
"motivation and progress, insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment."
"resonates with growth and expansion, optimism and enthusiasm, creativity, self-expression and communication, encouragement and assistance.  Number 3 also"
["resonates with the energies of the",", who help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". The"]
["Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked and helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","brings its energies of the Universal Energies,"]
["faith,",",","and",", independence and individualism, understanding the Self and others, determination and persistence of"]
["purpose, the esoteric, mysticism and",".","adds its vibrations of intelligence and",", personal power and authority,"]
[", dependability and reliability, skills and talents, achieving success, giving and receiving and the concept of","-  the"]
"."
["Angel Number 1378 is","that the spiritual work you have been doing has ensured that your endeavours will reap both personal and financial"]
"rewards in your life.  You have learned to balance your spiritual life with the monetary and physical world, and this will see an increase to the flow of material"
"abundance into your life, as well as a sense of inner-peace and joy.  With this increase to your prosperity, be mindful that the more you have, the more you have to share."
"Use your riches wisely."
"Angel Number 1378 may also be suggesting that if you are considering establishing a business or practice where you are of service to others, now would be a most"
"auspicious time to take action.  You may find that some further information and/or education will be on offer to aid and assist you on your path. Give any fears, concerns"
"or worries to the angels for healing and transmutation, and continue on your way safe in the knowledge that all of your monetary and material needs will be met as"
"required.  Trust that you will find success in all that you put your efforts towards."
"If you want a loving life, you must think loving thoughts.  If you want a prosperous life, you must think prosperous thoughts.  If you want a joyous life, you must think"
"joyous thoughts.  Whatever you send out verbally and mentally will come back to you in like form.  The Universal Energies are always responding to your words and"
"thoughts."
"yourself to be successful, prosperous and powerful, because you are."
["Number 1378 relates to","(1+3+7+8=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
