"Number 2010 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 0 (appearing twice), and the vibrations of number 1."
"Number 2"
["encourages duty and service to others, balance and harmony, adaptability and receptivity, diplomacy and co-operation, receptivity and insightfulness, partnerships and relationships, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["relates to eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow and the beginning point, and stands for potential and/or choice. When this number presents and recurs it relates to","and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach. It also encourages motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and intentions.","Angel Number 2010 brings","that you are to stay grounded and maintain faith and trust in yourself, your natural","talents and abilities and your",", as you are making positive progress in your life. Ensure that what you put out to the Universe is of a positive nature, and do not be afraid to step out of your comfort zone in order to pursue your passions. If feeling any doubts or fears, make it a priority to replace limiting thoughts and beliefs with positive and affirming self-talk as this helps with achieving goals and aspirations, and allows for the ‘old’ to be replaced with the ‘new’.","Angel Number 2010 tells you that new ideas and concepts are coming to you, and your","encourage you to stretch the horizons of your mind. Things in your life will be going in your desired direction, and wonderful opportunities will present themselves when the timing is right. Have a positive attitude and maintain the highest expectations as this will help to manifest and encourage positive results in many aspects of your life. Follow through with your intuitive urges and you will inspire those around you, as well as expand your own life in positive ways.","Angel Number 2010 is a message to trust that all in your life will work out for the highest good, and to have faith that outcomes will be favourable and beneficial to you and others."]
["Number 2010 relates to","(2+0+1+0=3) and","."]
"*"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
