"Number 1421 is made up of the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and energies of number 4 and number 2."
"promotes creativity and creation, pioneering, action and initiative, new beginnings and motivation, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress."
["Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, intentions, beliefs and actions.","resonates with practicality and application, hard work"]
"and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, inner-wisdom, and diligence and determination to achieve goals.  Number 4 also relates to our drive,"
["passion and purpose, and the",".","lends its attributes of service and duty, adaptability and co-operation, duality, finding balance and harmony,"]
["kindness and consideration.  Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
["Angel Number 1421 is a message to use","and maintain a","about your life in general as these positive energies","and"]
"manifests peace and clarity.  Have faith and trust in your ‘Self’  -  your skills, talents and natural abilities, and use the to their fullest upon your Divine life path.  Have"
["faith and trust that the","encourage and support you in your endeavours."]
["Angel Number 1421 is","that you are to balance your work life with your relaxation and play time.  The angels encourage you to take time out"]
["to",", relax, revive and rejuvenate yourself.  Your health and wellbeing are of the utmost importance as your inner-strength and vibrant energies are much needed"]
["by the world.  The","want you to be functioning at your optimum."]
"Angel Number 1421 also suggests that if you are going through a trying or difficult situation at the moment, your angels want you to know that all will work out for your"
"highest good.  Take your steps with caution and consideration and faith and trust and expect good outcomes in your life. Be assured that the angels are busily working"
"behind the scenes and certain factors need to fall into place before your desired outcome can be reached.  There is nothing holding you back or blocking you from"
"attaining your goal and/or desire.  Show patience and feel gratitude for the miraculous solutions to appear in your life. Your positive beliefs and faith and trust in the"
"Divine creates favourable results and outcomes."
"Something new and positive is entering your life and you are encouraged to maintain hope and faith.  Positive energies attract positive outcomes."
["Number 1421 relates to","(1+4+2+1=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
