["Number 3296 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 3, the attributes of number 2, the energies of number 9, and the qualities of number 6.","is"]
"the number of affability, enthusiasm, assistance and encouragement, communication and self-expression, growth, expansion and the principles of increase,"
[", broad-minded thinking, talents and skills, and the energies of the",".","resonates with your intuition and insight,"]
"service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, receptivity and love, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust,"
["and your","and",".","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective and"]
"expansive viewpoint, strength of character, non-conformity, leadership and leading life as a positive example for others, altruism, humanitarianism and"
[".","is associated with the monetary and financial aspects of life, economy, provision and providing for home and family,","and"]
[", mediation and compromise, responsibility, nurturing, care,","and sympathy, solution-finding and problem-solving."]
"Angel Number 3296 brings a message to be patient with yourself and others and monitor your behavioural patterns so that you can recognize those that no"
"longer positively serve you. If you find yourself dwelling on negativity, change your thoughts. If you feel a negative attitude about something or someone,"
"reconsider your attitude. Be less judgemental and more forgiving and release the things that are constricting and restricting you and holding you back from"
"being your best self."
"Angel Number 3296 may also suggest that any aspects of your life that may be coming to an end and/or close will allow for new opportunities to arise that"
["will assist you with serving your","in a manner that will utilize your unique set of skills, talents and abilities.  Be true to yourself and your"]
["chosen path as each","receives his or her own unique assignments (or soul missions) concerning how to help with healing the world."]
"Have faith and trust in yourself; your skills, talents and natural abilities, and employ them upon your life path. You have been given certain natural"
"skills, talents and abilities so that you can share the highest and truest parts of yourself with others. Have confidence in your own abilities and chosen"
"pathway/s."
["Number 3296 relates to","(3+2+9+6=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
