["Number 1359 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 3, and the vibrations and influences of number 5 and number 9.","encourages you to step forward in your chosen direction/s, and reminds you that","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions.  Number 1 resonates with insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment.","brings its vibrations of growth and expansion, sensitivity, self-expression, creativity, joy and optimism.  Number 3 is also the vibration of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.  The Masters also assist with",".   Number 5 resonates with making life changes, important",", variety and versatility, motivation and individuality.","resonates with the attributes of","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation and idealism.  Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way and learning","through experience.","resonates with","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, leading by positive example,","and",", idealism and problem-solving.  Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1359 is a message about the important choices and changes you are making in your life.  Trust that they are in alignment with your life path and","and have been Divinely inspired.  Your prayers and","have been heard and are being responded to in the form of opportunities presenting themselves that will propel you along your Divine life path and",".  Have faith and trust in your intuitive messages and take action accordingly."]
["Angel Number 1359 indicates that your life changes are supported by the","as they are the correct ones for you.  Take full advantage of these positive changes and live and","with passion and enthusiasm.  You will be setting a positive example for others to learn from and in-turn, incorporate into their own lives.  As you put your will and effort towards living your personal truths and being a positive example for others to follow, you make a positive difference in your own life and in the lives of others."]
"Angel Number 1359 may also suggest that due to life changes, a significant phase or cycle may be coming to an end in your life, and you will feel glad that all will soon be healed and/or replaced with ‘better’.  Release and surrender those parts of your life that are not working and focus upon manifesting ‘better’ for yourself and your life."
["Number 1359 relates to","(1+3+5+9=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
