["Number 1238 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 and number 2, and the influences of numbers 3 and number 8.","resonates with new beginnings and starting afresh, creation, self-reliance, progress, activity and raw energy, attainment and fulfilment.  Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and into the direction of our desires.","adds its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and","and",".","resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, ‘faith hope and charity’.  Number 3 also relates to the",", indicating that are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".","resonates with personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance, manifesting wealth and abundance, and","-","."]
["Angel Number 1238 is","and the","that","are","in your life.  Keep","and stay optimistic about the financial and monetary aspects of your life, and your flow of abundance will continue. Remember, the more you have the more you have to give."]
["Angel Number 1238 suggests that your prayers and requests for increased income, wealth and abundance have been heard and are being responded to by the",",","and Universal Energies.  Have no fear of ‘lack’ or ‘loss’ in your life. Trust that ‘more’ is on its way into your life, and remember to use this ‘extra’ wisely and share your plenty with others."]
["Angel Number 1238 can also be a prompt to",", or a venture or business aimed at serving others.  Trust that when you pursue your passions and",", you will find success on all levels."]
"You can bring about your dreams more quickly by paying attention to your thoughts, feelings, visions intuitive messages and words that repeat themselves to you."
["Number 1238 relates to","(1+2+3+8=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"Angel Number Index"
