["Number 1179 is a blend of the energies of number 1 (appearing doubled, amplifying its influences) and the attributes of number 7 and number 9.  Number 1 lends its vibrations of new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving for success, attainment and happiness.","tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.  Number 1 appearing twice together relates to the",".  The karmic number 11 resonates with the principles of","and",", illumination, high energy, self-expression and sensitivity, creative idealism, inspiration and intuition.  Master Number 11 tells us that to connect with our higher-selves is to know, live and serve our","and",".","vibrates with the mystical influences of",",","and",", inner-knowing and understanding others, peace, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose and good fortune, and your","and",".","resonates with","and humanitarianism, service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example, and conclusions and endings. Number 9 also relates to the",", the",", and",".  Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1179 is","that you are to focus your thoughts and intentions on completing an important task that is close to your heart.  This venture or task is an important step in your Divine life path and","and must end in order to clear the way for a new opportunity or venture to take its place -  the next step in your spiritual journey.  Believe that your angels love and support you all the way."]
["Angel Number 1179 is a message that","with your values, self-beliefs, wishes, prayers, desires, decisions and actions.  You are currently being led towards the answer to your prayers and are asked to listen and follow the steps that the angels are now communicating to you through your thoughts, intuition and dreams."]
["Angel Number 1179 indicates that your thoughts, visions and intuitive feelings about aspects of","are successfully guiding you in the right direction.  You have been following Divine guidance and putting your spiritual knowledge and","into practice.  The","ask you to continue shining your light for others to follow."]
["Your","ask that you keep up the positive energies and","to continue to","and outcomes.  Keep your expectations high and your thoughts focused and live your life with courage, truth and integrity as a positive example for others and for the betterment of your own life."]
["Number 1179 relates to","(1+1+7+9=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
