["Number 1307 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 and number 3, and the attributes of number 0 and number 7.","resonates with self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 reminds us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its influences of inspiration and creativity, ‘faith, hope and charity’, encouragement and assistance, natural talent and skills, optimism and enthusiasm.  Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the",", and indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","s. They also help you to find peace, clarity and love within.","relates to eternity and infinity, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.   Number 0 amplifies and magnifies the energies of the numbers it appears with.","vibrates with the mystical influences of",", peace,",",",",","and understanding others, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose, and","."]
["Angel Number 1307 is a message of ‘congratulations’ from the",", as you have chosen the right course of action and are travelling well along your life path. Your clear connection with the","is ensuring a strong channel of communication and you are receiving Divine guidance every step of the way.  Call upon the angels whenever you feel the need for help and support.  You are encouraged to continue on your current path as the angels and Ascended Masters support you in your quest."]
["Angel Number 1307 is a message that your positive expectations, prayers and visualizations have set you on your course and ‘right’ life path.  Your angels ask that you keep up the great work and keep","."]
["Angel Number 1307 may also suggest that it is time to consider a",".  The Universe and angels will ensure that all that you require will be provided for you, and you are to trust your own inner-wisdom, skills and abilities.  Use your talents to serve humanity and bring illumination to those who seek it."]
["Number 1307 relates to the karmic","(1+3+0+7=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
