"0 00 000 0000"
"Attributes of the Number 0"
"The number 0 relates to meditation, prayer and Source."
"Eternity, the beginning point, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles, flow, the ‘God force’ and Universal energies. O is the Alpha and Omega."
"The number 0 encompasses the attributes of all other numbers. 0 is Alpha (beginning) and Omega (the Highest), as there is no beginning and no end. All is infinite. The Ancients proclaimed that the ‘God force’ is a circle whose centre is everywhere and its circumference is nowhere. All numbers with the 0 puts one closer to the ‘God force’ or Universal energy."
"The number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and when this number sequence presents and recurs, it’s message is to do with developing one’s spiritual aspects as 0 is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail."
"When 0 recurs for you, you are asked to listen to your intuition and higher-self as that is where you’ll find your answers."
"A recurring 00 sequences relates to prayer and/or meditation practices. It is a message to listen for guidance and watch out for signs. The Universe is emphasizing a message to you and asks that you pay attention and follow the guidance given without delay."
"000 is a reminder that you are one with the Universe. You are a powerful being with the ability to manifest all that you desire into your life. All that you say and do has an impact and effect, be it positive or negative, so ensure that your thoughts, beliefs and desires are of a positive nature as this is what you will draw into your life."
"0000 when appearing in a recurring number sequence is an indication to you that a situation or issue in your life has come full circle."
"When combined with another number (or numbers) the potential of that number is magnified and enhanced by the presence of 0. 0 amplifies and encourages the energies and vibrations of the number it is combined with."
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
