["Number 698 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 6 and number 9, and the vibrations of number 8.","resonates with home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness,","and",", responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing."]
["resonates with the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["is the number of practicality, challenge, consideration, inner-strength and self-confidence, efficiency, self-discipline,","and good judgement, stability and self-sufficiency. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
"Number 8 is a ‘power’ number."
["Angel Number 698 brings a message that as you toil upon your life path and pursue your true",", your material wants and needs will be supplied and all will be taken care of for yourself and family. Know that your diligence and devotion to your personal spirituality will","all that you need in your life and the","surround you with love and positive energies, and encourage you to continue on your path."]
["Angel Number 698 can also suggest that endings and conclusions will be taking place in your life leading to fresh opportunities and new beginnings that will bring success, fulfilment and abundance in many ways. It is time to release the old so that you can work from your heart doing something that you love. It is also a most auspicious time to look to new employment or a change of career or profession, or to",", knowing that you are serving your","as a","."]
["It is wonderful if you are able to mold your passion into a profession and career, but your","does not necessarily have to be what you do to earn a living. Your","may not be what you do, but WHO you are."]
["Number 698 relates to","(6+9+8=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
