["Number 1612 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies and attributes of number 6 and number 2.","resonates with the attributes of creation and new beginnings, attainment and inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. It also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service to others and selflessness, home and family, love and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity, problem-solving and solution-finding.","represents balance and harmony, gentleness and kindness, duality, faith, devotion, insight, co-operation, adaptability and diplomacy. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
["Angel Number 1612 is","to continue being optimistic and positive about your life path. Have faith and trust in the power of your positive intentions and remember that you create your own experiences and reality with your thoughts, beliefs and actions. When you work with","and",", and take positive action you","your material wants and needs and attract ‘good’ into your life.  Affirm in the present tense trusting that your needs have already manifested."]
["Angel Number 1612 suggests that the efforts you have put towards","have been acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual realms, and in turn you have manifested well-earned rewards and opportunities to pursue your true",".  Be open to receiving and accepting your ‘good’, which may appear in the form of new opportunities, new projects and/or new ideas. Have faith and trust in the",", and if feeling any doubts or fears, simply","and support. Relax and allow yourself to","and know that you are never alone."]
"We use the relationships throughout our lives to find out not only what we are capable of giving, but also to discover who we truly are, and what kind of life we are in the process of creating for ourselves and our loved ones."
["Number 1612 relates to","(1+6+1+2=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
