["Number 2008 relates to","(2+0+0+8=10) and","."]
"Number 2008 is a compilation of the energies of number 2, the influences of number 0, and the attributes of number 8."
"Number 2"
["resonates with service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, love and partnerships, insightfulness and sensitivity, just and justice, selflessness, sociability and support. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["relates to infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and when this number presents and recurs it is a message to do with","as number 0 is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
"Number 8"
"is a powerful number that   promotes personal power and self-confidence, discernment and good judgement,"
"manifesting"
"abundance and prosperity"
[", provision, giving and receiving,",", truth and integrity, decisiveness and efficiency. Number 8 is also the number of","(the",").","Angel Number 2008 brings","that your self-belief, confidence and","have ensured that","will enter your life, and you are encouraged to make the most of these auspicious energies. You have worked steadily towards achieving long-term goals and aspirations and have used your personal integrity and wisdom to their utmost. Your","remind you that you have learned a great deal from your life’s experiences and relationships, and now it is time to pass this learned knowledge and wisdom onto others.","Angel Number 2008 may also be an indication that it is time for you to consider beginning a",", or heart-based service if feeling so inclined. Use your strengths and talents to uplift and enlighten others through serving humanity in compassionate and loving ways. You are greater than you believe you are and have much to give this world.","The repeating Angel Number 2008 also brings a message of financial/material security and prosperity and you can trust that you will have all that you need at this time in your life. You can expect a promotion or pay rise, an increase in income and funds, or a win of sorts.","for your blessings and remember, the more you have, the more you have to share."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
