["Number 2196 relates to","(2+1+9+6=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
"Number 2196 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and influences of number 9 and number 6."
"Number 2"
["adds its attributes of balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, partnerships and relationships, gentleness and kindness, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and serving your","."]
"Number 1"
["brings courage, progress, ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, finding success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with leadership and leading others by positive example, the","and the concept of",", altruism and benevolence,","and",",","and service to humanity. Number 9 also indicates endings, closures and conclusion."]
"Number 6"
["adds its vibrations of love of home, family and domesticity, honesty and integrity, responsibility, compassion and empathy, problem-solving and solution-finding, provision and providing and the material aspects of life.","Angel Number 2196 brings","to trust that your material wants and needs will be supplied (sometimes in the most miraculous and unexpected ways) in order for you to freely pursue your","unhindered and free from stress and anxiety. Obstacles will be overcome and problems solved as you follow through with your life plans. Trust the","in all aspects to do with your","and keep up your wonderful","as you are helping others by shining your love and light on the world.","Angel Number 2196 tells you not to be discouraged by obstacles and set-backs, but rather, rise above them and use them to empower and encourage you to find positive solutions and outcomes. You are given opportunities throughout your life to face","and truths, and it is your choice whether to face them with honesty or hide from them and deny them. Upheavals and obstacles present you with opportunities to grow spiritually. Rely upon your own knowing and","as the answers already lay within you. Be aware of","who will give you guidance and direction upon your request.","If faced with an obstacle or difficulty, stand back and look at the issue from a higher perspective and wider viewpoint, and use your","and intuitive knowing to find suitable solutions and outcomes. The answers are already within you."]
"*"
