"Number 1040 is made up of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 4, and the attributes and influences of number 0 appearing twice."
["resonates with independence and uniqueness, striving forward and new beginnings, motivation, assertiveness and action, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 brings a reminder that","and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities."]
"amplifies and magnifies the energies of the number/s it appears with and resonates with the"
"influences of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies. It relates to eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow,"
"and the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail."
"Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice and is a message to do with"
"and"
"suggests that you listen to"
"your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers."
["relates to practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience and practicality, conscientiousness, and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1040 is","to put your efforts and focus towards your long-term goals and aspirations. Building strong foundations from well-"]
["laid plans ensures future progress, stability and success. Your thoughts, feelings, emotions, actions and overall outlook are being boosted by your","so that you can"]
["continue to","all that you want and need in your life. Your","encourage you to work with your natural passion and drive."]
"Angel Number 1040 encourages progressive change, renewal and growth, and tells you to share your knowledge and wisdom with others. It also tells you that what you"
"put your efforts towards will reap long-term rewards."
"Begin worthwhile projects now that will bring long-term benefits and future success."
"Hold a clear vision of your desires and intentions and take notice of the strong, repetitive impressions that come to you through your feelings, thoughts and visions."
"If you take action with caution and wisdom you will be successful in business, money matters and life in general."
"Enjoy this phase of your life and move confidently in the direction of your dreams and desires. Trust that the work you do today will bring benefits and blessings of many kinds to your own life and that of others."
["Number 1040 relates to","(1+0+4+0=5) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 14"
"Angel Number 104"
"Angel Number 114"
"Angel Number 140"
"Angel Number 141"
"Angel Number 144"
"*"
"Victoria   Australia"
