["Number 342 is a compilation of the attributes of number 3, the energies of number 4 and the vibrations of number 2.","brings its influences of optimism and joy, self-expression and communication, imagination and intelligence, energy, growth and expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills. Number 3 is also the number of the",".","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also resonates with the vibrations of the",".","relates to duality and finding balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, diplomacy, mediation and adaptability, sensitivity and selflessness. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and","and","."]
"Angel Number 342 tells you to stop dwelling on the past and what did or did not happen. Don't think about the future and what could happen. Learn to be in the present moment, the here and now, and make the most of each and every experience as it is happening in your life. Appreciate and be grateful for every given moment and live your life with love and joy."
["Angel Number 342 is a message to pay particular attention to your dreams, daydreams, visions, recurring thoughts and feelings. The","are sending you Divine guidance regarding","and ask that you act according to direction."]
"The strong connection you have with the angels has helped to"
"in your life. The trust you have shown in the guidance you have received and the actions you have taken have put you in-line for reaping long-term rewards. These blessings are to be shared with loved ones and put to good use. Invest in yourself and your"
", and trust that the work you put in today will lead to achieving long-term success on all levels."
["Angel Number 342 is a message to keep up the good work on all levels. Trust that your prayers and","have been heard and are being responded to by the","and",". Expect wonderful blessings of all kinds in your life as you deserve them."]
"will speed the process of"
"."
["Number 342 relates to","(3+4+2=9) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
