["Number 2978 is a combination of the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 9, the energies of number 7, and the qualities of number 8.","resonates with your intuition and insight, service to others, diplomacy and mediation, duality, finding balance and harmony, receptivity and love, selflessness, ambition, sensitivity, faith, trust, and your","and",".","is the number of the",", an expansive viewpoint and a higher perspective, leading life as a positive example for others, duty and calling, benevolence and altruism, and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","relates to feelings and emotions,","and",", persistence of purpose and determination, contemplation and introspection, positive intentions,","and",", higher-learning and research.","resonates with giving and receiving,",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, management, self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, insight and intelligence, the concept of",", the","."]
"Angel Number 2978 brings a message that your beliefs are uniquely yours and you are entitled to believe in whatever serves your soul in the highest and best ways. Have the courage to be your true self and express your spirituality, creativity and individuality in inspiring and uplifting ways. Look to ways of expanding and expressing your values, principles and inner-truths and you may find that others will follow your lead. Express your uniqueness and shine your light to see a brighter world."
"Angel Number 2978 tells you to stay focused on your spiritual path and be true to yourself as this allows you to concentrate on your authentic self, rather than on superficial issues and distractions. Do not sacrifice your own power of self-direction in order to please or appease others. Put your focus on believing that you will achieve positive results in all aspects of your life, and put your energy into taking positive action towards achieving your goals. Expect positive results and you will receive positive results. Trust in your ability to know what is right for you and in finding your own way."
"Take action towards the lifestyle you want to live and choose to operate from a place of self-love, self-belief and self-certainty. Remember that life is about the journey. Flow with the Universe, follow your intuition, do things that come to you naturally, follow your heart and be open to all possibilities."
["Number 2978 relates to","(2+9+7+8=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
