["Number 402 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 4, the influences of number 0 and the energies of number 2.","resonates with honesty and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, patience,",", diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and carries the energies of the",".","magnifies the energies of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and"]
["the beginning point.  Number 0 stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with","aspects.","adds its attributes of attainment and happiness, diplomacy and co-operation, relationships, service and duty, finding balance and harmony, selflessness, faith and trust and your","and","."]
["Angel Number 402 is","that the hard work and effort you have put towards","has been acknowledged and you are to be rewarded for work well done. Have faith and trust in the power of the Universe and know that you are being supported, encouraged and guided along your path. Trust in the Divine and be open to receiving your ‘good’."]
["Angel Number 402 is a request from your","to stay patient a little longer as details are being worked out behind the scenes and are not quite ready just yet. Once all falls into place in Divine right time you will find your prayers answered and solutions found. The hard work, will and effort you have put in will reap abundance and you will be rewarded for good work well done. Maintain faith and trust and a","and outlook, and expect the best results. Your patience will be rewarded."]
"Continue on your present path with passion and enthusiasm. Believe in yourself and your inner-talents and abilities in order to find success and achieve your desires and aspirations. Trust that achieving your goals is within sight. Love who and what you are, and what you do."
["Number 402 relates to","(4+0+2=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
