["Number 487 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 4 and number 8 and the influences of number 7.","relates to truth and integrity, practicality, working steadily"]
"towards goals and aspirations, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the"
["energies of the","."]
["resonates with the concept of","and the",",",", personal power and authority, manifesting material freedom and abundance, discernment and good judgement, dependability and self-confidence."]
["relates to","and",", understanding the self and others, mysticism and the esoteric,","and",", introspection and inner-knowing, and study, education and learning."]
"Angel Number 487 brings a message that the angels acknowledge your hard work and efforts, and applaud your life choices. You have been devoting yourself to bettering"
"your life and focusing upon your spiritual path, and this has assured that you will have ‘plenty’ in your life in all ways. Continue on your path as you grow"
"and succeed in the material world."
"Angel Number 487 is an auspicious sign of manifesting prosperity, achieving success,"
"positive progress and spiritual advancement. Y"
"ou have the abilities to manifest all that you require and desire into your life."
"for your blessings"
"and remember to share your good fortune with others."
["Angel Number 487 may also indicate that you have learned how to balance your spiritual life and practices (and/or",") with the material,"]
"monetary and physical worlds, and this will see an increase to the flow of material abundance in your life, as well as great inner-peace and joy. The important spiritual"
"work you have been doing has ensured that your material wants and needs will be met, and your endeavours will reap both personal and financial rewards in your life."
"With this increase to your prosperity, be mindful that the more you have, the more you have to share with others."
"Look within. Every time you look deep into yourself you find incredibly beautiful treasures within you."
["Number 487 relates to","(4+8+7=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
