"Number 2348 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 3, and the vibrations and influences of number 4 and number 8."
"Number 2"
["brings diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and fulfilling your","and","."]
"Number 3"
["resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, and ‘faith hope and charity’. Number 3 also relates to the","who help you to focus upon the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","your desires."]
"Number 4"
["relates to diligence and determination to achieve goals, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty, integrity and inner-wisdom. Number 4 also relates to our drive and passion in life, and the energies of the","."]
"Number 8"
["resonates with personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance, manifesting prosperity and",", and","; the",".","Angel Number 2348 may suggest that your material life is changing in positive ways, with a significant increase to your prosperity and abundance. If you have an inkling or idea that you would like to put into practice, now would be a most auspicious time to look into your options and take positive action as opportunities for you to fully utilize your talents are awaiting you. Have the confidence and self-belief that you have all the necessary characteristics and talents to achieve all that you put your heart and mind towards."]
["Number 2348 relates to","(2+3+4+8= 17, 1+7-8) and","."]
["Angel Number 2348 indicates that the patience, discipline and hard work you have put towards achieving your goals and aspirations have been recognized and acknowledged by the higher realms. Your determination and efforts have been worth your while as work done well in the past is bringing you rewards today. Your","encourage you to keep up the great work in order to continue to achieve and attain your desired results and outcomes. As you work diligently towards achieving your goals you will","success on many levels.","If you are being prompted to begin a",", or a project, venture, pastime or hobby whereby you serve others in positive ways, Angel Number 2348 suggests that it is a great time to look to pursuing this avenue of work. If feeling any fears, doubts or concerns,","and support."]
