"Number 1415 is a blend of the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes and vibrations of number 4 and number 5."
["encourages you to step forward in your chosen direction/s, and reminds you that","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions.  Number 1"]
["resonates with insight and inspiration, creativity and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, fulfilment and attainment.","resonates with patience"]
"and practicality, hard work and effort, building solid foundations, our passion and drive, and achieving success.  Number 4 relates to working determinedly towards"
["achieving our goals and aspirations, and resonates with the energies of the",".","brings the influences of major life changes,"]
["and decisions, expansion and opportunity, adaptability and versatility, personal freedom and individuality,","learned through experience and resourcefulness."]
["Angel Number 1415 is a message that the","and changes you are making (or are considering) are in alignment with your","and","."]
["The","are assisting you with current changes in your life and are ensuring that all goes according to Divine plan.  Trust that these"]
"changes are for your highest good and will usher in wonderful new opportunities and auspicious circumstances into your life. Give any fears, anxieties or feelings of"
"trepidation to the angels for healing and transmutation, and know that you are being supported, encouraged and guided through these changes.  All is going to Divine right"
"order."
["Angel Number 1415 is","to put your efforts towards the things in your life that embrace and enhance who you truly are, your lifestyle choices"]
"and your life in general.  Be prepared to make necessary changes that will bring auspicious opportunities to advance you along your path.  Trust that these changes will"
"bring ‘better’ into your life in all aspects. Your thoughts and beliefs are creating the changes in your life, so continue focusing on your desired results and outcomes."
"Now is a good time to bring forth new ideas, concepts, opportunities and experiences into your life.  Trust that you are being guided and assisted through these"
"auspicious life changes."
["Number 1415 relates to","(1+4+1+5=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
