["Number 2144 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (2+1+4+4=11, 1+1=2)."]
"Number 2144 is a compilation of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 1, and the attributes of number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
"Number 2"
["relates to balance and harmony, co-operation and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability, partnerships and duality. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["contributes its vibrations of optimism, motivation and activity, creation, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also tells you that","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, patience and practicality, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals. Number 4 also has to do with our passion and drive in life, and resonates with the",".","Angel Number 2144 brings","that you need to see yourself in a higher light (as your true self), and your","are helping to boost your self-esteem, self-confidence and self-belief. Your life path is one which will see you having to step up to your responsibilities in all ways, taking control of your own life and setting a positive example for others to follow. Use your knowledge and wisdom, and stay balanced, grounded and focused as you serve your","with purpose and passion.","Angel Number 2144 asks that you acknowledge the determination, discipline and hard work you have put into your endeavours in the past, and know that they will bring long-term benefits and rewards to your life. You have shown great tenacity and initiative, so take heart that your efforts have been well worth your while and your","encourage you to keep up the great work you have been doing.","Angel Number 2144 is a message that the","are helping to keep your faith and resolve strong and your thoughts positive and optimistic as you have a lot of work ahead of you."]
