["Number 108 is a combination of the attributes and energies of number 1, 0 and number 8.","lends its vibrations of new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition and insight, striving for success, attainment and happiness.","carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, and its energies emphasize and amplify the attributes of the numbers it appears with.  Number 0 a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find your answers.","resonates with",", personal power and authority, a desire for peace and a love of humanity and world transformation, giving and receiving and","–",".  Number 8 is a ‘power’ number."]
["Angel Number 108 is a message of support and encouragement from your angels. They ask that you think only positive thoughts to do with your wealth, prosperity and abundance. Angel Number 108 is a message that you are to keep your focus on attaining positive results and fulfilment, rather than worrying about lack or loss, as when you have high expectations and maintain a","the","help you to","and achieve success in all that you put your intentions and efforts towards. The angels want you to know that positive things are manifesting around you at a rapid rate right now, so make the most of them."]
"Angel Number 108 is also a reminder that the energies we put out to the Universe are returned to us."
["Angel Number 108 may be suggesting that you are nearing the end of a phase or cycle in your life, and the angels want you to realize that new opportunities will appear for you in due course.","ask that you not stress about present circumstances, as ‘better’ is on it’s the way into your life.  Do not fear lack or loss as the end of a situation or cycle denotes the beginning of a prosperous new opportunity (or opportunities).  The angels ask you to have faith and trust in them, and in yourself and remember that all happens in Divine right time."]
["Angel Number 108 also tells you that if you are considering",", now is a most auspicious time to do so. Listen to the","as to the next steps to take and trust that you have all the necessary skills and talents within you. Do not doubt your own abilities."]
["Number 108 also relates to the","(1+0+8=9) and","."]
"See also:"
