"Number 2191 is a combination of the vibrations of number 1, the attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of number 9."
"Number 2"
["brings balance and harmony, service and duty, adaptability, co-operation and diplomacy, selflessness, sociability and support, attention to detail, decisiveness, consideration and receptivity, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and serving your","."]
"Number 1"
["resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds you that","with your beliefs, thoughts and actions, and encourages you to stretch yourself past your comfort zone."]
"Number 9"
["relates to leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, strength of character, a higher perspective, generosity and benevolence. Number 9 also relates to the","and the concept of",".","Angel Number 2191 can suggest that if you have misplaced or lost something in your life, the Universe is","something positive for you to take its’ place. This can relate to a situation, relationship or circumstance that may be coming to an end. Trust that wonderful new beginnings and/or directions are indicated for you and everything is happening in Divine right time and place.","Angel Number 2191 brings","to have trust and faith in your visions, ideas and thoughts as they are giving you guidance and direction in regards to the next steps to take along your life path. Trust that your","support and encourage you every step of the way and ask for their guidance and assistance any time you feel the need. When","help you, you contain that light and can use it to help, heal and comfort others."]
["Number 2191 relates to","(2+1+9+1=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
["Pay attention to your inner-visions, ideas and","as your","tell you what is really going on for you at that point in time. If you examine your values, beliefs and dreams in the context of who you truly are and where you are in your life, you may begin to recognise a shift. Once you align the values and beliefs of your dreams and your soul, you will find that the Universal Energies will work with you to turn your dreams to reality."]
