["Number 1659 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and influences of number 5 and number 9.","brings courage, progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, initiative, instinct and inspiration, finding success and personal fulfilment.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to possessions, the material and monetary aspects, home and family, love and nurturing, service and domesticity, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity, problem-solving and solution-finding.","encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom, life changes and making positive","and decisions, variety, adaptability and versatility,","learned through experience, resourcefulness, motivation, activity and progress.","resonates with","and humanitarianism, service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example, the",", the","and serving your",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
["Angel Number 1659 is","to continue forth upon your life path and","safe in the knowledge that your material wants and needs will be met as required. Your prayers and","about your spiritual path and","have been heard and are being responded to by the",".  Listen to your intuition and the","and give any fears or worries about material or monetary issues to the angels for healing. Current changes taking place in your life will bolster your confidence in yourself and your abilities, giving you the courage to pursue your passions and soul urges. Get on with pursuing your true","."]
["Angel Number 1659 brings a message of encouragement and support from the",". Your","duties to serve and help humanity are important and you are being encouraged to put extra focus on your spiritual path and purpose. The","fully support you and will ensure that your material wants and needs are met as you make necessary changes to your life that will highlight and encourage your",". Devote yourself to your","without delay."]
"Angel Number 1659 may also suggest that an important phase or cycle is ending in your life, and/or your material possessions and your life in general are in need of de-cluttering. Get rid of the ‘old’ that no longer positively serves you, to make way for the ‘new’.  Cut the ties that bind you to the past and have the courage and strength to move towards the new and better."
["Number 1659 relates to","(1+6+5+9=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
