"Number 1958 is made up of the energies and vibrations of number 1 and number 9, and the attributes and influences of number 5 and number 8."
"Number 1"
["relates to new beginnings, starting new ventures, motivation and progress, self-reliance, achievement and attainment. Number 1 reminds us that","with our thoughts, ideas, beliefs and actions.  Number 9 brings its influences of generosity and benevolence, leading others by positive example, humanitarianism and philanthropy, Divine wisdom,","and the",", your",". Number 9 also relates to conclusions and endings."]
"Number 5"
["resonates with personal freedom and individuality, major life changes, making important",", promotion and advancements, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility, and","learned through experience."]
"Number 8"
["adds its vibrations of","and personal power,","and",", dependability and reliability, good judgement and discernment, achieving success, giving and receiving and","-  the",".","Angel Number 1958 is a message that your prayers about money and finances have been heard and acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual realms. Stand in your own power and follow your passion and purpose and you will automatically","your monetary and material supply. Your","encourage you to devote your Divine","services to the world in your very own way, knowing that you are fully supported by the Universe. Trust that your material wants and needs will be met when you follow your true path and serve your",".","Angel Number 1958 indicates that a suitable job, occupation, venture or project will present for you that will be an ideal stepping-stone to bigger and better things. Changes made to your career or profession will bring you greater personal fulfilment on many levels. It may be a prompt to put your focus towards beginning or expanding your spirituality as your","skills and talents are greatly needed by the world. It may also be encouraging you to begin (or expand) a","profession and/or career or heart-based service or project.","Allow your inner-light to shine and offer it in service to those in need of your wisdom."]
["Number 1958 relates to","(1+9+5+8=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
