"Number 1004 is made up of the energies of number 1, the influences of number 0 appearing twice, and the vibrations of number 4."
["is the number of inspiration and intuition,",", uniqueness and individuality, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings, taking action, progress, striving forward, motivation and progress, positivity and achieving success."]
["represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["encourages working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, self-initiation, structure, stability and endurance, conscientiousness, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",", and what motivates and drives us in our lives."]
["Angel Number 1004 encourages you to create a strong base and foundation for yourself so that you have the energy and clarity to","and take action that serves your highest good and that resonates with you. Stay positive, optimistic and practical to ensure that you"]
"what you want, rather than what you don’t. Building strong foundations from well-laid plans ensures future stability, progress, and success. Put"
["your efforts and focus towards your long-term goals and aspirations and work on your","with passion and drive."]
"Angel Number 1004 brings a"
["message to courageously step forward in the direction of your true",", and trust that the things you require will","when"]
"needed in your life."
"Your thoughts, feelings, emotions, actions and overall outlook are being positively boosted by your"
["so that you can continue to","all that you want and need in your life."]
"Angel Number 1004 tells you that what you put your efforts towards will reap rewards in the future. If you act with caution and wisdom you will be successful in"
"business, money matters and life in general. Begin worthwhile projects that will bring long-term benefits and future success."
"The message of the Angel Number 1004 can also be ‘careful what you wish for ....’"
["Number 1004 also relates to","(1+0+0+4=5) and","."]
"Also see:"
