["Number 1462 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 4, and the attributes and influences of number 6 and number 2.","resonates with the vibrations of creation, beginning new projects or ventures, inner-strength and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness.  Number 1 encourages us to strive forward with courage and tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, building solid foundations and working determinatly and diligently towards achieving goals.  Number 4 also carries the vibrations of the",".","relates to possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service and domestisity, home and family, love and nurturing, problem-solving, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity, compromise, providing and provision.","adds its vibrations of adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, duality, service and duty, balance and harmony, selflessness, faith and trust and","and","."]
["Angel Number 1462 is a message that your prayers and","have been heard and are being answered by the angels.  Give any fears of lack or concerns about money (or any other material aspect) to the angels for healing and transmutation.  All is going to Divine plan and your everyday needs are being met as needed.  Feel free to","with passion and determination and keep a","and outlook.  Expect timely miracles to occur in your life."]
["Angel Number 1462 indicates that the hard work and effort you have put towards achieving your goals will bring success in all ways, and you can expect to receive your just rewards.  Your material and monetary needs will be met as you live your truths and","with passion and commitment.  Your angels want you to know that you are protected, supported and loved, always."]
"Bring balance, tranquillity and positive energies into your home and surrounds and this will reflect in all areas of your life.  Focus on being happy.  Do things that make you feel joyful, creative and loving, as by doing this you open yourself up to receive more positive experiences."
["Number 1462 relates to","(1+4+6+2=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
