["Number 3040 is a blend of the energies of number 3, the vibrations of number 0 appearing twice, amplifying its influences and that of the numbers it appears with, and the attributes of number 4.","resonates with self-expression and communication,",", optimism and enthusiasm, natural skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, creation and creativity, affability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also resonates with the vibrations of the",".","relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, potential and/or choice, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with.","is associated with conscientiousness, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 3040 tells you that the only thing that stops you from","are your fears and doubts. Focus upon, think and talk about positive situations, opportunities and outcomes, as when you hold the positive aspects in focus you manifest the highest and best. When you hold the vision and commit to it, give it your full focus and attention and do the necessary work, you will be amazed at how quickly your goals, dreams and desires appear in your life."]
"Angel Number 3040 brings a message to go within and examine to belief-patterns that you hold about yourself. Release worries and issues such as weight, intelligence, beauty and/or anything else that makes you compare yourself unfavourably with others as this traps you in a life of unnecessary comparison and feelings of inadequacy. Know that you are perfectly beautiful in every way and are full of light and love. Pay attention to all that you do. Look at how you treat yourself and others, and choose love, compassion and understanding in all of your decisions and actions. Become more aware of each and every moment and allow it to bring you beauty and joy, no matter the circumstance."
"Angel Number 3040 encourages you to use your unique creativity and communicative skills in ways that bring joy, humour and light into all situations and circumstances. Trust that the work you do today will bring benefits to your own life and that of others in the future."
["Number 3040 relates to","(3+0+4+0=7) and","."]
