["Number 322 is a blend of the influences and vibrations of number 3 and number 2, with number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its attributes and relating to the",".","brings creativity, self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, ‘faith hope and charity’, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also resonates with the","relates to balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, adaptability and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and","and",".","is the Master Builder Number and resonates with",", evolution, idealism and vision. Master Builder Number 22 relates to ancient wisdom, vision, idealism and transformation."]
["Angel Number 322 is","to have self-belief, faith and trust in yourself and the angelic and spiritual realm, and maintain trust in the processes of the Universe. Listen to your intuition and","and have full faith in the messages and soul promptings you receive. Know that you are exactly where you are meant to be at this time."]
["Angel Number 322 indicates that the","are fully supporting and encouraging you on your life path. Stay positive and do not allow any negative energies or feelings to hinder or obstruct you.  Push through any negative emotions with the knowledge that you are on your","and all is going to",". A","will reap positive results."]
["Angel Number 322 suggests that you are working in alignment with the energies of the",",","and",", and they are helping and guiding you through your next life steps and actions. Maintain a diplomatic, harmonious and caring attitude towards others and you will find that all you need will fall into place for you in Divine right time."]
"Use your natural communication skills, creativity and humour to ease your own stress and that of others and learn to feel happiness and joy no matter what is happening around you."
["Number 322 relates to","(3+2+2=7) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
