"Number 908 is a compilation of the energies of number 9, the influences of number 0, and the vibrations of number 8."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
["represents potential and/or",", a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with."]
["resonates with giving and receiving, manifesting",", monetary and business acumen, mastery, management, self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, insight and intelligence, the concept of",", the","."]
"Angel Number 908 is a message that a phase or cycle is ending in your life and this will have a domino-effect in other areas of your life. Do not lament their passing or ending, but rather, be open to receiving ‘new’ into your life."
"Angel Number 908 encourages you to embark upon the journey to self-knowledge and spend time asking yourself the questions that you most want answered. Sit with your questions and you will be amazed and enlightened by the answers and knowledge that becomes known to you. All that you need to know is already within you and you need only to take the time and focused attention and intention to allow for them to come to light. Ask yourself and trust the answers."
["Focus upon your passions and","as these are a positive and productive focal point for you. Angel Number 908 brings","that the more you focus and act upon your","and",", the more","you will attract into your life. Have faith and trust that your monetary/financial needs will be met as you live your life in a manner that sets a positive example and illuminates the way for others."]
["Number 908 relates to","(9+0+8=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
