"Number 1413 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 4 and number 3."
"brings with it the attributes of initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and taking a fresh approach.  It also relates to"
["motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with patience and"]
"practicality, hard work and effort, building solid foundations, our passion and drive, and achieving success.  Number 4 relates to working determinedly towards"
["achieving our goals and aspirations, and resonates with the energies of the",".","brings its vibrations of growth and expansion, sensitivity, self-"]
["expression, creativity, joy and optimism.  Number 3 is also the vibration of the","and indicates that they are around you, assisting when asked.  The"]
["Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". The Masters are helping you to find peace,"]
"clarity and love within."
"Angel Number 1413 is a message from your angels and the Ascended Masters to maintain a positive attitude and viewpoint in regards to all aspects of your life.  When"
"you hold positive thoughts it attracts positive energies and desired outcomes.  Feel free to ask for angelic guidance, help and assistance any time you feel the need."
"Angel Number 1413 suggests that if you act with caution and wisdom you will find success in business and money matters and in all aspects of your life.  The timing is"
"right to begin worthwhile projects that will bring long-term benefits and future success.  A happy outcome follows your positive expectations.  Be assured that positive"
"outcomes are on the horizon."
"Angel Number 1413 also encourages you to look at your current home and lifestyle and consider ways to uplift your environment in order to usher in more positive"
"energies.  Do not be afraid to express yourself with joy, optimism and creativity.  Add beauty to your environment and everyday life. Beauty and love enhance how you"
"experience your own life."
["Number 1413 relates to","(1+4+1+3=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
