"Number 1979 is made up of the energies of number 1, the attributes of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 7."
"Number 1"
["relates to new beginnings, vivacity, stepping out of your comfort zone, intuition, inspiration and insight, striving ahead, attainment and happiness. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["promotes","and humanitarianism, service to others, high ideals, a positive influence, leadership and leading others by positive example, and conclusions and endings. Number 9 also relates to the",",","and",", and serving your","."]
"Number 7"
["resonates with the esoteric and mystical,",",","and",", inner-knowing and understanding others, compassion,","and",", individuality and uniqueness, peace, dignity and refinement, persistence of purpose, learning, study and education.","Angel Number 1979 indicates that you are being led towards the answers to your prayers, so listen carefully and follow the steps that the","are now communicating to you through your thoughts, intuition and dreams.","Angel Number 1979 can suggest that a major phase or cycle, situation or circumstance in your life is coming to completion and this will bring closure to projects, associations and/or ways of being and/or doing. You are now ready to fully step forward upon your spiritual path and pursue your","knowing that your","support and encourage you to continue along your path. You are here to learn and grow from all of your experiences, both positive and negative so look at everything from a higher perspective and trust that everything happens for a higher purpose.","Angel Number 1979 encourages you to live your life with courage, truth and integrity as a positive example for others and for the betterment of your own life. Use your personal power in positive ways and step up to be the best that you can be. You have many unique talents and skills to be used for the benefit of all, and you have an important","to serve. Put your spiritual knowledge and","into practice and continue shining your light for others to follow.","Be true to your soul’s essence and live your life in your own unique way."]
["Number 1979 relates to","(1+9+7+9=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
