["Number 1686 is a compilation of the energies of number 1, the vibrations of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 8.","carries the energy of striving forward and pursuing goals, ambition and tenacity, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, and promotes changes, new beginnings and starting afresh.  Number 1 reminds us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","resonates with the vibrations of grace and simplicity, love of home and family, honesty and integrity, nurture and care, simplicity and reliability, provision and the material aspects of life.  Number 6 also resonates with problem-solving and solution-finding.","relates to personal power and authority, self-confidence, giving and receiving, philanthropy and benevolence,",", achieving personal success,","and the concept of","-  the","."]
["Angel Number 1686 is an auspicious message that infinite","and supply are always available to you. The tides are turning for you in regards to the financial and material aspects, and you can expect abundant supply to enter your life.  It is a message to put your natural skills and talents to good use and maintain an optimistic and","in order to",", and to ensure that all of your material needs are met and provided for throughout your life. Trust that any perceived problems or obstacles will be overcome with ease."]
"Angel Number 1686 can indicate that a material possession is about to leave your life. If you have intentions of selling something of material value, Angel Number 1686 may be indicating that the items/s will leave your life quickly and easily and exciting ‘new’ will enter to take its place.  If you do not intend to lose or sell anything, then make a point of changing your thoughts to alter this direction and subsequent outcome. Take stock of all that you have as it may be implying that it is time to de-clutter your home (or life in general) and be prepared to get rid of the ‘old’."
"Difficult issues and situations teach you about compassion ... and when you have compassion you are feeling and acting from your soul’s perspective."
["Number 1686 relates to","(1+6+8+6=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
