"Angel Number 1953 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 9, and the vibrations and qualities of number 5 and number 3."
"Number 1"
["brings with it the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, action and progress, new beginnings and a fresh approach. It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with the",", a higher perspective,","and",", leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism, serving your","and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions."]
"Number 5"
["relates to personal freedom and individuality, major life changes, making important","and decisions, promotion and advancements, resourcefulness, adaptability and versatility,","learned through experience."]
"Number 3"
["relates to optimism and enthusiasm, communication and self-expression, inspiration and creativity, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, expansion and growth. Number 3 also relates to the","who help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".","Angel number 1953 tells you that the repetitive thoughts, ideas and promptings you have been experiencing are suggesting which path/s to follow. The","are supporting you as you break free from old, out-dated restraints  and want you to know that ‘new’ is entering your life that will be more suited to your natural interests and passions. Let the ‘old’ go from your life with love and","for the service they provided you, trust the impressions and messages you receive, and follow accordingly. To follow your heart is to use",", and when you follow your inner-guidance you will always be on the right pathway.","When you put your efforts towards pursuing your true goals and aspirations, you will","an abundant supply of all that you need to maintain and sustain you along the way. Each and every day of your life you make choices, big and small, that affect your life and the lives of those around you. Put your","abilities, skills and talents to good use and allow them to shine in order to illuminate the way for others.","Angel Number 1953 encourages you to express yourself in your own unique way. We all have special talents and skills that are to be used to uplift and enlighten others. Find out what they are and make room for them in your life. It is time to fully utilize your abilities for the betterment of yourself and others. Shine your light in your own unique way. It is your right to do so."]
["Number 1953 relates to","(1+9+5+3=18, 1+8=9) and","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
