["Number 1338 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 3 (with number 3 appearing twice, magnifying its influences) and the vibrations of number 8.","brings with it the attributes of self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach.  It also relates to courage, motivation, striving forward and progress and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","offers assistance and encouragement, communication and enthusiasm, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, broad-minded thinking, self-expression, talent and skills.  Number 3 also indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",".  The Masters are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","brings it vibrations of",", self-confidence and personal authority, discernment, achievement, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity.  Number 8 is also the number of","– the","."]
["Angel Number 1338 asks you to keep listening to your own","and","and take positive action as directed.  There may be some new opportunities that will present to you in regards to income, employment and/or promotion, so do not be afraid to try something different and exciting. Trust that you have all the skills and abilities you will need, and what you don’t already know you will learn quickly. The angels and Ascended Masters are helping you to","into your life, and you are reminded that as with the law of ‘","’  -  when you have plenty, you have plenty to share with others."]
"Angel Number 1338 suggests that you are manifesting your material supply and abundance, particularly in regards to your career and earning potentials.  You are being supported by the Universal Energies and Ascended Masters and they are helping you to receive the supply of abundance that you have manifested through your thoughts, affirmations and actions.  Accept the blessings of abundance with gratitude to ensure a continued flow of supply."
["Angel Number 1338 is a sign that",", as well as your positive actions, prayers and","have opened you to the flow of infinite abundance.","and share them lovingly with others."]
["Number 1338 relates to","(1+3+3+8=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
