["Number 669 contains the energies and attributes of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 9.","relates to ability and stability, provision and providing and the monetary and material aspects of life, love of home and family, nurturing and caring for others, simplicity, reliability and responsibility, problem-solving and the ability to compromise.","denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, leading life as a positive example for others, benevolence and altruism,"]
"serving your"
"and"
". Number 9 encourages you to use your natural abilities to illuminate the way for others to follow."
["Angel Number 669 is a message to detach from a materialistic mind-set and lifestyle, particularly if it is a driving force in your life. It is time for you to detach yourself from your old and outdated material possessions and items and let go and release the old. It is a message that assures you that whatever leaves your life at this time will be replaced with new and better. Let go of any fears of lack or loss in regards to your monetary and material issues, and trust that your needs will be met. Your","ask that you surrender and release the old to make way for new to enter your life. Be open to accepting and receiving new acquisitions and possessions, and","for your blessings."]
["Concentrate and focus on following your spiritual path and","as only you can fulfill your destiny. Pursue a","or heart-based service or venture, and get on with your","duties. It is your right to be a powerful being so use your personal power in a loving way that benefits yourself and others. Listen to your intuitive messages and take positive action in the direction of your","."]
"Release the past with ease and trust the process of life. Your intuition and inner-knowing are perfectly in-tune with the current moment and will guide you in the direction that is best for you."
["Number 669 relates to","(6+6+9=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
