"Number 1532 is made up of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 5, and the vibrations and influences of number 3 and number 2.  Number 1 resonates"
["with creation and new beginnings, courage, ambition, positivity and self-reliance, inspiration and ambition, achievement and success.","encourages us to step"]
["out of our comfort zones and tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings the influences of major life changes,"]
", expansion and opportunity, adaptability and versatility, adventure, personal freedom and individuality, resourcefulness and"
["learned through experience.","resonates with the attributes of optimism and inspiration, ‘faith, hope and charity’, encouragement and assistance, talent"]
["and skills, communication and self-expression.  Number 3 resonates with the energies of the",", and indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you,"]
["assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping"]
["you to find peace, clarity and love within.","adds its attributes of balance and harmony, mediation and diplomacy, partnerships and relationships, adaptability"]
"and co-operation, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and serving your soul mission and life purpose."
"Angel Number 1532 is a message to have faith in the decisions and choices you have made in regards to making important changes to your life. You have manifested"
["these life-changes through",",","and prayers and the angels encourage you to take full advantage of these changes and the effects they will"]
["have on your life.  Stay open and receptive to your","and maintain faith and trust that these changes are taking place for your highest good and are appearing in your"]
"life to enhance and advance you on your journey."
"Angel Number 1532 encourages you to step in the direction of your desires with confidence and optimism, safe the belief that you will find personal success and"
"fulfilment on all levels.  Do not be afraid to take on new challenges and opportunities as they will prove to be of great benefit to yourself and others.  Never doubt"
["yourself or the power of the","."]
"Angel Number 1532 is also validation that you are on the right path in all ways in your life.  The upcoming changes will enrich your life, so stay on course and you will"
"soon see positive outcomes and results. You have natural skills and talents so that you can share the highest and truest parts of yourself with others."
["Number 1532 relates to the","(1+5+3+2=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
