"Number 899 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 8 and number 9, with number 9 appearing twice, doubling its powerful influences."
["is the number of",", self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, giving and receiving, and serving humanity. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, duty and calling, sensitivity, benevolence, altruism and","."]
"Angel Number 899 encourages you to consider what (or who) in your life if not serving you in positive and productive ways. What or who is draining your energies or holding you back from being your best and brightest? Be brave and honest with yourself and identify the areas, situations and/or people in your life where you face recurring negativity, difficulties, obstacles or hindrances, and make concerted efforts to rectify, change or even finish with that phase of your life."
["Your","encourage you to devote your","services to the world in your very own way. Angel Number 899 brings a message to begin a","or heart-based venture or project, knowing that you are serving your","as a",". Trust that you will be fully supported by the angelic and spiritual realms as you fulfill your destiny and duties. Live your life as a positive example in order to illuminate the path for others to follow."]
"Angel Number 899 also signifies that a significant phase in your life has come to an end, or is reaching closure. Other related and unrelated situation, circumstance and/or issues will also draw to a close as a result as you are going through a chain of events where many parts of your life are slowing and stopping. This is taking place for reasons that will become evident to you soon. Look upon theses endings in a positive light and know that better is on the horizon."
["Number 899 relates to","(8+9+9=26, 2+6=8) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
