"Number 1303 is made up of the attributes of number 1 combined with the energies of number 0 and number 3.  Number 3 appears twice, amplifying its influences."
"carries the vibration of instinct, intuition, progress and happiness, new beginnings, creation, independence and uniqueness, motivation, striving forward and"
["progress, ambition and will power.  Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","brings its attributes of"]
"optimism and enthusiasm, creativity, self-expression and communication, manifestation, growth and expansion.  Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the"
", and indicates that the Ascended Masters are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within"
["yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within.","is considered to represent the"]
["beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with","."]
"It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and"
"wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."
"Angel Number 1303 encourages you to live your life with passion, enthusiasm and optimism, safe in the knowledge that you are well blessed, loved and supported in all"
["that you do.  Live your life with joy, passion and purpose as this will",".  Be prepared to expand and increase your","and"]
"in the process."
["Angel Number 1303 is a","that they are sending you positive energies and strength. Be sure to pay particular attention to your thoughts, ideas and"]
"insights at this time as these are giving you information about the next steps to take along your spiritual path.  Any positive changes or projects you are considering right"
"now will be well worth your while, and you will be assisted in their undertaking."
"Angel Number 1303 is a message to give your fears, doubts and worries to the angels and Ascended Masters so that they can be transmuted and healed.  Step into your"
["own power, speak and live your truths, and trust that you are fully supported and surrounded by your","who bring you love and protection."]
["Number 1303 relates to","(1+3+0+3=7) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
