["Number 386 is a compilation of the energies of number 3, the attributes of number 8 and the qualities of number 6. Number 3 resonates with self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase,",". Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the",". Number 8 relates to personal power and authority, self-confidence and self-assurance,","and good judgement, giving and receiving, philanthropy and benevolence, business acumen and achieving personal success,","and","-  the",". Number 6 resonates with material possessions, status and the monetary aspects of life, problem-solving and solution-finding, service and domesticity, home and family, love and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity."]
["Angel Number 386 is a message to surrender and release all financial fears or worries to the","for healing and transmutation. Trust your own skills, talents and abilities as you are good at what you do for a reason, and when you do what you love all that you need will come to you. As you","and Divine life path the angels will ensure that your material and monetary needs are met."]
["Angel Number 386 also tells of facing your challenges head on with the intent to resolve them. If you resist learning the","that your life presents, you will find that similar struggles, obstacles and challenges will continue to appear in different ways until you resolve them. Use your natural personality traits and diplomatic tact to find appropriate solutions to any obstacle, problem, challenge or difficulty that may present to you."]
["The","are helping you to manifest the material items you need to help you",". Whether it be time, money, contacts, location or whatever, the","and","are working to bring it to you so that you can conduct your","work. You deserve to receive this help as it better enables you to give to others."]
["Number 386 relates to","(3+8+6=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
