["Number 1918 is a combination of the attributes of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies and vibrations of number 9 and number 8.","relates to creation, new beginnings, ambition and will power, motivation, insight and initiative, inspiration and intuition, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zones and reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","resonates with the",", your",", benevolence and generosity, service to humanity and",", responsibility, strength of character and leading life as a positive example for others. Number 9 also relates to endings, conclusions and closure.","brings its influences of practicality and dependability,",", personal authority and good judgement, overcoming obstacles and adversity, resilience,","wealth and",", and the concept of","– the","."]
"Angel Number 1918 can suggest that a significant phase or cycle is coming to an end in your life and this will have a domino-effect in other areas. These endings will allow for new opportunities to appear in your life that will open doors to beneficial new beginnings. Know that you always find reserves of strength and courage to overcome that which fate throws your way, so do not lament or fear change. Be open to your own passions and purpose as these are positive and productive focal points for you."
["Angel Number 1918 tells of the beginning of a new phase of your life that sees you using your unique skills and abilities and being of service to others and humanity as a",". Your","and","regarding your","will bring about opportunities to serve as your soul dictates. As you serve your","you automatically manifest ‘good’ on all levels so allow blessings to enter your life and use them to your advantage and for the benefit of others. Expect to find success in all that you put your heart and soul towards."]
"Consider putting your spirituality to good use by beginning (or expanding) a heart-based practice, career, occupation or pastime that involves helping others.You will find yourself growing in wisdom and courage, and responding to others with love, open-ness and compassion."
["It is time to","so that you can work from your heart and soul doing something that you love, sustaining your own life in the process."]
["Number 1918 relates to","(1+9+1+8=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
