["Number 1491 is a blend of the attributes of number 1 (appearing twice, amplifying its influences) and the vibrations and energies of number 4 and number 9.","brings its qualities of new beginnings, projects and ventures, creation and originality, motivation and ambition, progress, intuition and inspiration, achieving success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with patience and practicality, stability and reliability, hard work and effort, building solid foundations, our passion and drive in life and working determinedly towards achieving our goals and aspirations.  Number 4 also relates to the energies of the",".","relates to","and humanitarianism, service to others, leadership and leading others by positive example, tolerance and benevolence,","and the",".  Number 9 also relates to the","and","."]
"Angel Number 1491 indicates that the work you have been doing or a project you have been working on is coming to an end or conclusion.  Success will be achieved and you will reap rewards for the work, effort and determination you have expelled.  Trust that wonderful new opportunities will present to you in the near future setting you on an auspicious new direction or course of action."
["Angel Number 1491 is","that your ideal employment or income-earning venture or opportunity will present itself in Divine right time.  Stay alert to the signs and guidance given through your intuition, thoughts, dreams and feelings  -  then  take positive action.  Stay positive and hold a clear vision of your intentions and true desires.  Avoid negative mind-sets and do not allow anything to deter or hinder you."]
["Angel Number 1491 encourages you to use your natural","talents, skills and interests to help the world awaken and heal.  Your positive love and light is much needed at this time and your angels encourage you to follow through with your goals and aspirations to do with your spiritual path and","."]
"Devote time and effort towards your true desires and priorities. Pay special attention to your intuitive feelings and thoughts, and follow the guidance as it is giving you directions about your next steps.  Know that your angels support and encourage you, always."
["Number 1491 relates to","(1+4+9+1=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
