["Number 1823 is a blend of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 8, and the vibrations and qualities of number 2 and number 3.","signifies assertiveness, independence and uniqueness, motivation, striving forward and new beginnings, positivity and achieving success. Number 1 reminds us that","and experiences with our thoughts and beliefs, and encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and step towards new directions and opportunities.","carries the influences of",", business and material acumen, personal power and authority, a desire for peace and a love of humanity and world transformation, giving and receiving and the","(",").","brings its vibrations of faith and trust, service to others, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and mediation, support and encouragement, and serving your","and",".","relates to the",", who help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with",". They are helping you to find peace, clarity and love within. Number 3 resonates with the energies of skills and talents, freedom-seeking, adventure, friendliness, exuberance, open-mindedness, self-expression and communication, optimism and enthusiasm, growth and expansion."]
["Angel Number 1823 is a message of reassurance and encouragement from your angels and the",". Trust that you will always have more than enough to take proper care of yourself and your loved ones. You can","and","for encouragement, support, guidance and love whenever you feel the need.  Just ask. Trust that you are protected, loved and supported by the Universal Energies."]
["Angel Number 1823 is","and the","about","financial wealth and prosperity into your life. Your angels encourage you to have faith and trust in the guidance you have been receiving as it has been urging you along as you serve your",". Your","want you to know that when you serve your purpose with passion and optimism you will automatically","ample supply to sustain and maintain your life and lifestyle."]
"Use your personal creativity in a constructive and productive manner, and put your skills and talents to work to achieve your heart’s desires. Trust that you will find success in your chosen endeavours."
"Angel Number 1823 also encourages you to bring more light into your home and surrounds and make it reflect your inner-beauty and joy. Make your home a comfortable haven of love, harmony, peace and tranquillity."
["Number 1823 relates to","(1+8+2+3=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
