["Number 1286 is made up of the energies and vibrations of number 1, number 2, number 8 and number 6.","resonates with creativity and creation, new"]
"beginnings and taking different directions, motivation and progress, self-reliance, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration.  It also relates to"
["with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","lends it influences of balance, healing, devotion and grace.  It carries the vibrations of"]
"duality, diplomacy and adaptability, partnership and relationships, sensitivity and selflessness.  Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and"
["and",".","resonates with personal power and authority, good judgement, business acumen,",", truth and integrity, challenge,"]
["dependability and self-reliance, the concept of","and",".","relates to possessions, status and the monetary aspects, service"]
"and domesticity, home and family, love and nurturing, the ability to compromise, responsibility and reliability, honesty and integrity, problem-solving and overcoming"
"obstacles."
["Angel Number 1286 is a message of reassurance from your",".  Trust that your prayers are being answers, and the Universal Energies are catering to your material"]
"and financial wants and needs. Let go of any fears or concerns of lack or loss, or anything negative to do with the financial and material aspects of your life.  Have faith"
"and trust that your material needs are being met, and you and your loved ones will have ample supply to cover all that you require."
"Angel Number 1286 can suggest that a material possession or item is due to leave your life, and it will be your choice as to whether you wish to part with it or not."
"Make a point of adjusting your thoughts and mind-set if you do not want to lose your possession/s."
"Alternatively, when the repeating Angel Number 1286 appears, it can be a message that if you have intentions of selling and/or being rid of something in your life (eg. a"
"possession or personal item) this will come about quickly.  It is time to offload to ‘old’.  Look forward to the ‘new’."
["Your angels encourage you to trust that you are protected and supported as you focus upon","and",".  If you have a desire to achieve"]
"something of importance to you, consider Angel Number 1286 a call to action."
["Number 1286 relates to","(1+2+8+6=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
