"Number 2536 brings together the vibrations and energies of number 2 and number 5, and the attributes and qualities of number 3 and number 6."
"Number 2"
["brings its influences of kindness and consideration, service and duty, adaptability and co-operation, duality, finding balance and harmony, encouragement and support. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and serving your","."]
"Number 5"
["encourages","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, auspicious opportunities, motivation and idealism. Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way and learning","through experience."]
"Number 3"
["relates to optimism and enthusiasm, communication and self-expression, inspiration and creativity, optimism and joy, talent and skills, expansion and growth.  Number 3 also relates to the",". The Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","."]
"Number 6"
["brings its vibrations of the monetary and financial aspects of life, economy, provision and providing for home and family, responsibility, nurturing, care, compassion and sympathy, solution-finding and problem-solving,","and",".","Angel Number 2536 reminds you that your thoughts equal your point of attention and attraction. Keep your thoughts positive and vibrationally matched to your intentions and desires. When your thoughts are a vibrational match to your intention or desire, you feel confident, expectant and eager. But if you are focusing your attention on the absence or lack of your desire, you feel despondent, pessimistic, discouraged and/or angry. Be aware of your thoughts and vibrational energies and ensure that they are aligned with your intentions."]
"Angel Number 2536 also tells you to avoid arguments and conflicts and approach sensitive topics with great care. Speak your truths, but do not enter into any heated discussions. Stay calm and balanced within and take great care and caution in all of your communications. Speak your truths with gentleness and love and accept others with grace and understanding."
["Number 2536 relates to","(2+5+3+6=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
["Serve your","using your natural abilities and talents, and ensure that you do it in a way that reflects who you truly are."]
"*"
"- The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
"Body And Soul~Mind And Spirit"
"http://bodysoulmind.net/welcome"
