"Number 2016 contains the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 0, and the vibrations and influences of number 1 and number 6."
"Number 2"
["relates to the vibrations of adaptability and co-operation, mediation and diplomacy, finding balance and harmony, consideration for others, flexibility and grace. Number 2 also relates to serving your Divine","."]
"Number 0"
["denotes","and represents the beginning of a spiritual journey, eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and potential and/or choice. Number 0 also amplifies and magnifies the energies of the numbers it appears."]
"Number 1"
["contributes its energies of optimism, motivation and activity, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions and stepping out of our comfort zones."]
"Number 6"
"relates to service and domesticity, home and family, responsibility and reliability, emotional depth, idealism, material needs and economy, and honesty and integrity. Number 6 also relates to problem-solving and solution-finding."
["Angel Number 2016 tells you that the efforts you have put towards serving your soul mission have been acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual realms. When you live your life true to yourself and your","you reap the spiritual and emotional rewards of love, trust, clarity and companionship, as well as","of all kinds. Have faith and trust that your material wants and needs will be taken care of as you pursue your",", and be open to receiving and accepting your ‘good’, which may appear in the form of new opportunities, new projects and/or new ideas.","Angel Number 2016 also encourages you to trust the messages and guidance you have been receiving intuitively regarding the next steps to take in a situation concerning a relationship, home and/or family issue. Your ideas, thoughts and actions will provide solutions to your dilemma/s, and your next step is to take positive action in the right direction. Show compassion, understanding and love, and have a diplomatic and co-operative attitude in order to set a positive example for others to learn from and follow.","Maintain faith and trust in humankind and the Universal Energies, and be open-hearted, accepting of others and generous of spirit."]
["Number 2016 relates to","(2+0+1+6=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
