["Number 1992 relates to","(1+9+9+2=21, 2+1=3) and","."]
"Number 1992 is a blend of the energies of number 1, with the attributes of number 9 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, plus the vibrations of number 2."
"Number 1"
["brings its influences of creation and new beginnings, striving forward and progress, inspiration, motivation and attainment. Number 1 encourages us to take positive action and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 9"
["resonates with leadership and leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence. Number 9 also relates to the","and the concepts of","and","."]
"Number 2"
["brings the attributes of duality, balance and harmony, relationships and partnerships, adaptability and diplomacy, receptivity, attention to detail and decisiveness. Number 2 also relates to serving and fulfilling your","and",".","Angel Number 1992 encourages you to be open to receiving and accepting your ‘good’, which may appear in the form of new ideas, information, contacts and projects and these will lead to auspicious opportunities for you. Trust that they are coming to you for you to take full advantage of as so take heed of your intuition and take positive action. If feeling any fears or doubts you can","about any situation, or anything that you may do or change to create the highest and best for yourself and all concerned.","Angel Number 1992 brings","to have faith and trust in your intuitive messages and impressions, ideas, insights and visions as these are","urging you towards and along your life path and"]
[". You are being encouraged to step up to your duties as a","and serve humanity in positive and uplifting ways, so maintain a","about the purpose of your being, and follow the guidance sent to you along the way. Give any fears or feelings of insecurity or self-doubt to the","for healing and transmutation, and know within that you have all you need to carry out your",". Do not be afraid to take positive action in the direction of your intuition, but rather, look to ways of achieving small goals on a daily basis to reach your true and full spiritual potential.","Angel Number 1992 may also be suggesting that if you have lost something of late, the Universe is","something positive and better suited to take its’ place in your life. This can also relate to a situation or circumstance (or possibly even a job or relationship) that may be coming to an end. Thank it (or them) for it’s service in your life, and let it go with love and",". Trust that a wonderful new beginning and/or direction will come of it."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
