["Number 1644 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the attributes of number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences.","denotes initiative and striving forward, creation, new beginnings and projects, achieving success, attainment, fulfilment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth and integrity, practicality, system and order, determination and self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also vibrates to the energies of the","."]
"Angel Number 1644 indicates that the hard work and effort you have put into achieving your personal goals and aspirations will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones, and you are encouraged to keep up the great work you have been doing. Maintain patience, persistence and a true desire to excel in every way."
["Release your fears and anxieties so that the","can help and assist you with attaining and providing for your needs as you pursue and",". Maintain a","to encourage a continued stream of","in your life and trust that appropriate solutions will be found to any issues that may arise."]
["Angel Number 1644 tells you not to fear striving ahead towards your goals as your success is assured. Keep up the great work you have been doing and do not waste your time on negative thinking, people, subjects or circumstances.  Get on with","and living your passions with confidence and joy."]
["Working with the","gives you the opportunity to develop wisdom, strengthen self-understanding and find solutions by connecting with your inner-light. Listen to your intuition and inspirations as they come directly from your soul."]
["Number 1644 relates to","(1+6+4+4=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
