["Number 1698 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and qualities of number 9 and number 8.","promotes creativity and creation, initiative and new beginnings, ambition and attainment, self-leadership and assertiveness, motivation, striving forward and progress.  Number 1 also tells us that","and experiences with our thoughts, beliefs and intentions.","resonates with home and family, domesticity, business and material aspects, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing.","relates to",", humanitarianism and serving your","as a",", the",", altruism and benevolence, non-conformity, leadership and leading others by positive example.","resonates with",", personal authority, discernment and good judgement,",", a desire for peace and a love of humanity and world transformation, giving and receiving and the","–",". Number 8 is a ‘power’ number."]
["Angel Number 1698 brings a message that you are in a position to successfully",", and the angels encourage, support and applaud your efforts and commend you for your commitment and hard work. Continue on your current path and trust the","as they walk beside you every step of the way. Know that your diligence and devotion to your personal spirituality will manifest all that you need in your life and your","and prayers regarding your financial circumstances have been heard and are being positively responded to by the angels and Universal Energies. You are encouraged to continue with serving your","with confidence and optimism."]
["Angel Number 1698 can suggest that endings and conclusions will be taking place in your life leading to fresh opportunities and new beginnings that will bring success and abundance in many ways. It is time to release the old so that you can work from your heart doing something that you love, earning an income in the process. It is a most auspicious time to look to new employment or a change of career or profession and may also be a prompt to begin a",", knowing that you are serving your","as a","."]
"Step into your own power, pursue your passions, and be a beacon of light for others. You, as a physical yet spiritual being, are an integral part of not only your own healing process, but also that of all other living beings on Earth."
["Number 1698 relates to","(1+6+9+8=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
