["Number 653 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 6 and number 5, and the vibrations of number 3.","resonates with love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles.","relates to making important life changes, adaptability and versatility, learning","through experience, courage and being courageous, idealism and intelligence, and making positive","to suit the self.","relates to courage, forgiveness, natural skills and talents, ‘faith hope and charity’, open-mindedness, self-expression and communication,",", optimism and enthusiasm, growth and expansion. Number 3 also carries the vibrations of the"]
["Angel Number 653 brings","that you are being commended and applauded for your efforts. You have listened to and heeded the","and are successfully serving your Divine","with wisdom, love, persistence and enthusiasm. Allow the flow of","to shower down upon you as your creative energies have been activated and you are being encouraged to express yourself with courage, truth, integrity and joy."]
["Angel Number 653 suggests that you have manifested major life changes in your life that are for you to take full advantage of. They are happening for wonderful reasons and have presented to assist you upon your path. Your","and expectations have manifested auspicious circumstances and situations in your life, and your angels encourage you to make the most of them."]
"Important changes sweeping through all aspects of your life will usher in positive energies and opportunities for you to manifest all that you want and need in your life. Listen to the promptings of your inner-self and take positive action as guided. Let go of any worries and anxieties you may have and allow the angels to help you overcome any perceived obstacles or problems."
"Each day brings new opportunities to try new things and see the world in a different way."
["Number 653 relates to","(6+5+3=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
