"Number 2115 is a blend of the energies of number 2, the attributes of number 1 appearing doubled, and the vibrations of number 5."
"Number 2"
["adds it energies of balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, devotion, duty and service, insight, adaptability and co-operation. Number 2 also relates to faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["brings courage, progress, self-leadership and assertiveness, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, initiative, instinct and inspiration, finding success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 5"
["relates to making positive","and important changes, adaptability and versatility, resourcefulness, motivation, personal freedom, idealism, auspicious opportunities and learning","through experience.","Angel Number 2115 reminds you that how you choose to act (or react) to any particular circumstance or experience, and how you choose to view the situation will vary depending upon your free-will. How you choose to use your free-will determines your experiences and opportunities as well as the outcomes and results. While certain things throughout your life are pre-determined (such as your birth and death) most things in your life are determined by your free-will and choice. The","you make","and destiny.","Your","relate to your",", your thoughts and actions and how you relate to yourself, your health, your relationships and your",". If you are unhappy and/or dissatisfied with current life circumstances, envision a new reality for yourself and make changes in line with your vision. Set upon your own path and begin to understand your life’s journey and learn to read the signposts ahead. Listen to your intuition and you will know which course to take.","Release and heal old wounds so that you can fully discover who you really are and what you truly want from your life. Make changes and broaden your perceptions by opening a doorway to your infinite potential."]
["Number 2115 relates to","(2+1+1+5=9) and","."]
"*"
