"Number 2140 brings together the energies and vibrations of number 2 and number 1, and the attributes and qualities of number 4 and number 0."
"Number 2"
["relates to partnerships and relationships, duality, service and duty to others, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity. Number 2 also relates to serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["promotes new beginnings, ambition and motivation, striving forward and progress, will-power, self-leadership and assertiveness. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with practical thinking, security and building solid foundations for ourselves and others, practicality and patience, application and productivity, our passions and what motivates and drives us in our lives. Number 4 also relates to the","."]
"Number 0"
["represents the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with.","Angel Number 2140 reminds you that you can ask for guidance and assistance with a long-term project or new venture you are considering. Be assured that the","are busily working behind the scenes and certain factors need to fall into place before your desired outcome can be reached. Show patience and feel","for the miraculous solutions to appear in your life as your positive beliefs and faith in the Divine creates favourable results and outcomes. Trust that all will turn out for your highest good.","Angel Number 2140 reassures you that the work, will and effort you have made towards serving your","has laid solid foundations for your future, and has been acknowledged by the angelic and spiritual realms. Have faith in yourself, your ideas and your intuition, and stay focused upon your desired outcomes. Follow your intuition and maintain a","and a love of life."]
["Number 2140 relates to","(2+1+4+0=7) and","."]
["Angel Number 2140 also encourages you to pursue your ideal hobby, interest, vocation, career and/or profession. If you are intuitively prompted to begin or expand a","or heart-based service, the","will assist with establishing the foundations that will lead to your desired results and ultimate success. Open your heart to wonderful possibilities and opportunities to do with your","and","and pay special attention to your intuition, dreams and recurring thoughts. Trust the messages and","and be aware of opportunities presenting in your life as they are taking place for good reason."]
