["Number 3125 brings together the attributes and vibrations of number 3 and number 1, and the energies and values of number 2 and number 5.","relates to self-expression and communication,",", optimism and enthusiasm, natural skills and talents, friendliness and sociability, creation and creativity, affability, growth, expansion and the principles of increase. Number 3 also resonates with the vibrations of the",".","brings new beginnings, ambition and tenacity, striving forward and pursuing goals, instinct and intuition, initiative, changes, inspiration, self-leadership and assertiveness, taking action and",".","is the number of faith and trust, finding balance and harmony, caution, diplomacy and mediation, service to others, love, compassion and selflessness, encouragement and happiness. Number 2 also resonates with serving your","and",".","represents the fullness of your humanity and human experience, encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom,","and important changes,",", variety and versatility, adaptability, resourcefulness, opportunities, motivation and progress."]
["Angel Number 3125 brings inspiration and new ideas so pay attention to","and synchronicities and be ready to make positive changes when new opportunities present themselves. Allow your natural curiosity and creative abilities to inspire new ideas and interesting ways of doing and being. Reach out to others and share your ideas as there are people who will offer you support and encouragement, and others who will benefit from your ideas, intentions and actions. When you use your gifts it makes you feel confident, at peace, happy and fulfilled as you are coming from your true, higher self. Love of self and others, compassion, treating all with respect, kindness and forgiveness helps to break old beliefs and thought patterns."]
["Angel Number 3125 also tells of changes, either instigated by yourself or happening around you, affecting your life. Trust that all has come about for important reasons and these changes are stepping stones along your",". Release any fears or blocks that have hindered or deterred you from following through with your goals and aspirations. Free yourself from negative beliefs, fears and habits that do not serve you and that keep you from living a life filled with peace, joy and fulfilment. Live with integrity and use your strengths and gifts wisely."]
"You didn’t come to the Earthplace to be used, but to be of use."
["Number 3125 relates to","and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane (3+1+2+5=11, 1+1=2)."]
