"Number 980 is a blend of the vibrations and energies of number 9 and number 8, and the influences of number 0."
["denotes endings and conclusions and relates to the",", a higher perspective, strength of character, leading life as a positive example for others, duty and calling, sensitivity, benevolence, altruism and","."]
["is associated with personal power and authority, giving and receiving, truth and integrity, dependability,","and self-reliance, and manifesting wealth and abundance. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","and the","."]
["relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, potential and/or choice, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 980 tells of the energy or power within you that lovingly guides and directs you to your perfect path in every way; health, wealth, relationships and general living. In order to tap into that energy or power you need to be willing to go within and","and repeating patterns in your life. You also need to review your","and decisions and recognize your true principles, values and beliefs."]
"Use the wisdom within you to empower yourself and stand in your own truths. Be open-minded, but listen to your own intuition and inner-knowing when making decisions for yourself. See your spiritual light for all its glory and shine it brightly."
["Angel Number 980 brings a message that you are fully supported in your","and","by the","and Universal Energies. Walk your","path with passion and purpose, trusting that all of your material needs will be met as needed."]
"Make your"
"your main priority as your skills, talents and abilities are much needed by the world at this time and the"
"ask you to express and conduct yourself with honesty and integrity and live your life as a positive example for others."
"Angel Number 980 encourages to you f"
["ind balance in your material and spiritual worlds, and use your natural abilities to","of all kinds so that you can share it with those who need it. Take positive action in the direction of your intuition and look to ways of achieving small goals on a daily basis to reach your full personal potential."]
"Angel Number 980 indicates that you will find success and personal satisfaction in serving others as your soul dictates."
"Shine your light to illuminate the way for others."
["Number 980 relates to","(17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
