"Number 870 is a blend of the vibrations of number 8, the energies of number 7, and the influences of number 0."
["is the number of practicality, challenge, consideration, inner-strength and self-confidence, efficiency, self-discipline,","and good judgement, stability and self-sufficiency. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
["relates to","and",", mysticism and the esoteric,","and",", emotions and feelings, contemplation and introspection, seeking knowledge, study, education and learning, understanding the self and others."]
["relates to","and carries the vibration of the ‘God force’ and Universal Energies, eternity, infinity, potential and/or choice, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, and its energies emphasize the attributes of the numbers it appears with."]
"Angel Number 870 tells you that contentment, balance and harmony in life are achieved when your heart and mind are on the same wavelength. When your heart and head are aligned you gain control of your life and can live in the present moment, knowing that you are on the right path. Your intuition draws your attention to what you need to know and it is up to you to recognize and acknowledge the signs and synchronicities that the Universe sends you, and take up the presenting opportunities. Listen to your intuition and heed its guidance to be in-tuned with yourself and your world."
["Angel Number 870 brings","that you are to be congratulated for working devotedly on your",". Your strong connection with the angelic and spiritual realms has helped to","auspicious opportunities and circumstances that will advance you along your spiritual path. You are encouraged to continue listening to your intuition and the",". Your success is assured."]
["Angel Number 870 is a message to continue the spiritual","you are doing as you are successfully serving and living your","and",". The","support, protect and encourage you to live your spiritual truths and walk your path with confidence and enthusiasm, passion and persistence."]
["Number 870 relates to","(8+7+0=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
