"Number 1602 is a compilation of the attributes and energies of number 1 and number 6, and the vibrations and influences of number 0 and number 2."
"promotes creation and new beginnings, self-leadership and assertiveness, inspiration, achievement and success, stepping out of our comfort zones, positivity and"
["optimism. Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","relates to possessions, status and monetary aspects,"]
"service and domesticity, home and family, love and nurturing, responsibility and reliability, problem-solving and solution-finding, honesty and integrity."
["resonates with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail. It"]
"suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."
"adds its vibrations of duality, service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, selflessness, faith and trust and your"
["and",".  Number 0 carries the energies of the ‘God’ force and Universal Energies and reinforces, amplifies and magnifies the vibrations of the"]
"numbers it appears with."
"Angel Number 1602 suggests that you are currently manifesting your financial flow and material supply;  therefore, keep a positive and optimistic viewpoint and mind-"
"set to keep up a steady supply. Your material and earthly needs will be met in Divine right time, so have faith and trust that the Universe will always provide for you."
["Follow your inner-guidance and allow it to prompt you to take positive action in your life. To increase this flow of abundance, use positive","s and"]
"."
"Angel Number 1602 encourages you to have a diplomatic and co-operative attitude and outlook in order to set a positive example for others to learn from. It tells you"
["that as you","you will reap the spiritual and emotional rewards of love, trust and companionship as well as the","of material"]
"and financial rewards."
"Our journey through life runs more smoothly and comfortably when we keep a check and balance on all the different aspects of our being  -  mental, physical, spiritual"
"and emotional."
["Number 1602 relates to","(1+6+0+2=9) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
