"Number 1444 is a blend of the vibrations of number 1, and the energies of number 4. With three 4’s appearing, the influences and energies of the number 4 are magnified"
["and enhanced.","relates to the attributes of new beginnings, creation and creativity, motivation, progress, initiative and assertiveness, intuition and inspiration,"]
["happiness and positivity, attainment, achieving success and personal fulfilment.  Number 1 also tells us that","with our thoughts, intentions and"]
["beliefs.","resonates with the vibrations of the",", practicality and responsibility, productivity, illumination and initiation, building solid foundations,"]
"stability and ability, honesty and inner-wisdom, determination and endurance, hard work and progress.  Number 4 also represents our passion and drive and encourages"
"us to work harmoniously yet diligently to achieve our goals and aspirations."
["Angel Number 1444 is a message that the","are offering you positive energies, inner-strength and support to enable you to get the work done that"]
"you need to.  They know and understand that you have been working hard towards your goals, and encourage you to look to new and different ways to go about getting"
"your work done more effectively.  Listen to your intuition as your angels are intuitively guiding you towards new and different ways to get things done efficiently and"
"effectively. Use your strong connection with the angelic realm to your benefit and be open to their promptings and messages.  Listen to your intuition and follow its"
"guidance."
"Number 1444 encourages you to stop feeling stress, anxiety and worry over your financial situation or issues as these negative emotions and energies block the flow"
["of supply and abundance into your life.  Your angels ask that you focus upon","and",", intentions and prayers to"]
".  Give your worries over to your angels to transmute and heal and trust that the work you have been doing will have long-term rewards.  Angel Number 1444"
"suggests that your past efforts will bring about the results you have worked so hard for."
["Angel Number 1444 also suggests that the angels are assisting you with fully aligning your vibrations with your","and",".  Trust the work you are"]
["doing now, and have done in the past, will reap rewards as you",".  Take action as you are guided and do not be afraid to step in the direction of"]
"your dreams."
"In following the path that you wish to pursue, go within and be in constant contact with your Higher-Self and bring forward the guidance and insights regarding your next"
"steps and destination."
["Number 1444 relates to","(1+4+4+4=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
