["Number 3057 brings together the energies of number 3, the influences of number 0, the vibrations of number 5, and the attributes of number 7.","is related to growth and expansion, affability, enthusiasm, spontaneity and broadmindedness, optimism and joy, natural talent and skills, creativity,",", self-expression and communication. Number 3 is also associated with the energies of the",".","represents potential and/or choice, a spiritual journey,",", listening to your intuition and higher-self, eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 also relates to the God force/Universal Energies/Source, and magnifies the influences of the numbers it appears with.","relates to","and important changes, the fullness of your humanity and human experience,","learned through experience, opportunity, courage and being courageous, adaptability and versatility, motivation and auspicious opportunities.","is the number of knowledge and understanding,","and listening to the inner-self,","and",", learning and education, determination and persistence of purpose, mysticism,","and spiritual gifts."]
"Angel Number 3057 encourages you to simplify and slow down the pace of your life. Take time throughout the day to nurture, nourish and replenish yourself and refresh your energies. Seek ways to free up time and energy during your everyday life. Gain control of your own time and energy and do what is right for your body, mind and soul."
"Angel Number 3057 brings a message that as you pay attention to your thoughts, nurture those that nourish, uplift and motivate you towards achieving your desired outcomes."
["When/if you have thoughts that are fearful or negative, consciously choose to think of something else. Like any habit or pattern, it takes observation and practice to change thoughts and behaviours, but no matter what thought-patterns or behaviours you wish to change, you have it within you to do so. By asking for","and","and tuning into your intuition, you are able to consciously change your mind-set, discover answers to your questions and gain assistance on your path."]
["Learn to go within and communicate with your",". By inviting the assistance of your","and",", you will be shown ways that are unique to you and your situation to assist you with making the right choices and steps towards achieving your goals and attaining your aspirations. It is your intuition, angels and spirit guides that clear the path for the intentions you set."]
["Number 3057 relates to","(3+0+5+7=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
