["Number 397 is a compilation of the vibrations of number 3, the attributes of number 9 and the energies of number 7.","offers assistance and encouragement, communication and enthusiasm, growth, expansion and the principles of increase,",", broad-minded thinking, self-expression, talent and skills. Number 3 often indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked.","resonates with","and humanitarianism, service to others, a higher perspective, leadership and leading others by positive example,","and the",". Number 9 also relates to endings and conclusions.","relates to the Universal Energies, faith,",",","and",", independence and individualism, understanding of others, determination and persistence of purpose, inner-strength and inner-knowing, mysticism and",". Number 397 is a highly spiritual vibration."]
["Angel Number 397 brings a message that you have been receiving clear Divine and","about your",", and your","encourage you to follow their instructions. Know that as you","you will","ample supply to meet your needs."]
["Angel Number 397 suggests that you are leading your life as a positive example for others to follow. It encourages you to expand your personal spirituality and spiritual pursuits, and if you feel the inclination to begin or expand a",", or service-based venture, Angel Number 397 indicates that now is an auspicious time to do so. The angels applaud your choices to live with truth, honesty and integrity."]
["Angel Number 397 also indicates that you are shedding old facets of your life that no longer positively serve you nor suit who you are as you are now living a more authentic and purposeful life and lifestyle.  Let the ‘old’ go with love and","for its service and be open to receiving the ‘new’."]
["Study and the education process brings you great long-term rewards. It enriches and encourages your understanding of your personal abilities and spiritual power, and accelerates your motivation towards","."]
["Number 397 relates to","(3+9+7=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
"BODY and SOUL – MIND and SPIRIT"
