["Number 2985 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 9, and the vibrations and influences of number 8 and number 5.","is the number of faith and trust, finding balance and harmony, caution, diplomacy and mediation, service to others, love, compassion and selflessness, encouragement and happiness. Number 2 also resonates with serving your","and",".","relates to the",", sensitivity, a higher perspective and expansive viewpoint, influence, leading life as a positive example for others, non-conformity, benevolence and altruism, philanthropy and",". Number 9 also denotes endings and conclusions.","relates to the concept of","and the",",",", personal power and authority,","material",", decisiveness,","and good judgement, inner-strength, dependability and self-confidence.","encourages us to be true to ourselves and live our lives accordingly, and resonates with personal freedom,","and important changes, learning",", variety and versatility, adaptability, resourcefulness, opportunities, motivation and progress."]
"Angel Number 2985 is a number of taking charge and making positive changes that suit who you truly are and what you want for your life."
["Angel Number 2985 brings","to carefully consider the things that you may feel are out of balance for you or are dissatisfying, and truly take notice of how you feel. Pay attention to those issues that cause you to feel fearful, anxious, angry, upset, frustrated and the like, and you will come to pinpoint and understand what triggers your emotions and what needs your prompt attention. Close the door on situations and/or people who drain your energies and distract you from your highest path and do not allow others to negatively influence you. Trust your gut feelings and","and avoid the influences of those who may wish to manipulate you for whatever reason. Remain alert and aware and believe what your heart tells you, not what others say. Stay in alignment with your higher-self and choose your intentions and actions accordingly."]
"Analyse your thoughts, beliefs, patterns and habits and discard the ones that do not positively serve you. In order to find inner-peace and inner-knowing you need to clear your mind of negative thoughts and make room for positive ones. Create positive new habits and beliefs for yourself that will nurture, nourish and balance your body, mind and spirit. Fill yourself with love, light and inner-peace and you will find the contentment and happiness that you seek."
["Number 2985 relates to","(2+9+8+5=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
