["Number 2868 is a blend of the energies of number 2, the vibrations of number 8 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 6.","brings decisiveness, diplomacy, charm, partnerships and relationships, co-operation, consideration, receptivity and love, adaptability, balance and harmony, and serving your","and",".","is the number of",", self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, giving and receiving, and serving humanity. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the",".","resonates with home and family, domesticity, expressing","and",", emotional depth, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing, and finding solutions."]
"Look to the truths of a situation and see it for what it truly is. Recognize your own truths and whether they resonate with the situation (or not), then take action accordingly. Facing realities with honesty and open-ness allows for appropriate solutions to appear and resolution and harmony to be found."
"Angel Number 2868 tells you that you have the power to control your own life and it is up to you to create it. Instead of fearing or denying this responsibility, embrace it and use it to better your life. Step back and re-evaluate the choices and decisions you have made up to this point, and recognize your power to change things for the future. Give yourself the opportunity to make better choices for yourself."
"In regards to the financial and material aspects of life, evaluate your wants over your needs and move towards a healthier balance. Do not look to false symbols of success (eg. Money, possessions, social status etc), nor fall for the trap of debt. Re-organize your priorities and take responsibility for every aspect of your life. Focus upon your own energy and be your own powerful guide."
"Do not accept less than you have the potential to be. Commit yourself to a more loving, giving and enriching life."
["Number 2868 relates to","(2+8+6+8=24, 2+4=6) and","."]
