["Number 1664 is a combination of the energies of number 1, the vibrations of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the attributes of number 4.","denotes initiative and striving forward, creation, new beginnings and projects, achieving success, attainment, fulfilment and happiness. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","lends its attributes of stability and grace, acquisition, healing, love of home and family, protection, care and nurturing, solution-finding and problem-solving, reliability and responsibility, integrity and honesty.  Number 6 also relates to the material aspects of life.","resonates with truth and integrity, practicality, working steadily towards achieving goals and aspirations, system and order, self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4 also relates to the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 1664 encourages you to balance your physical, material and spiritual lives.  Focusing upon your spirituality and living a conscientious and purposeful lifestyle will ensure that your material needs are met and you will be provided with all that is required to serve your Divine",".  Be open to receiving and",", the spiritual realm and other people in your life."]
["Angel Number 1664 suggests that your prayers regarding your home and family life, as well as your monetary situation, have been heard by the angelic and spiritual realms.  Have faith that the angels are working behind the scenes to ensure that you have all that you need to sustain and maintain you in your life.  Release your fears and anxieties so that the angels can assist you with attaining and providing for your material needs. All you need to do is relax and ask for","."]
["Angel Number 1664 also suggests that all is well in regards to your home and family life.  Enjoy your relationships and the companionship of those close to you and give love freely and unconditionally. Trust that your",",","and","are having positive effects in your life. Set your goals and continue with your optimistic outlook and high expectations.  Expect miraculous answers and solutions to appear as you need them."]
"Your higher-self has all the information and wisdom that you will ever need to answer life’s dilemmas.  When you learn to listen to your inner-voice, all the solutions and answers will be presented to you."
["Number 1664 relates to","(1+6+6+4=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
