["Number 1606 is a blend of the energies of number 1, the attributes of number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its energies, and the influences of number 0.","resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success and attainment. Number 1 also reminds us that","with our beliefs, thoughts and actions.","carries the vibrations of love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, caring and nurturing others.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming obstacles.","magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’. It stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers."]
"Angel Number 1606 carries the vibrations of home, family, beauty and love."
["Angel Number 1606 is a reminder from your angels to maintain positive expectations and speak, think and act only in the most positive and practical of ways. Look upon all aspect of your life with optimism and hold high expectations, and you will find that all issues will be resolved and solutions found.  Our","determines your lives, and",", so choose your thoughts, words and actions wisely."]
["Angel Number 1606 is a message to let go and release any material concerns or worries and focus on your true desires, passions and",". With a positive mind-set, expect abundance to enter your material world, which will permeate through the other realms of your life."]
["Angel Number 1606 encourages diplomacy, negotiation, compassion and co-operation. To heal a negative situation, view the other side of the situation with open eyes and an open heart. Keep your thoughts 'heavenward' and positive, and to let go of material matters or concerns. The focus is on emotions, family issues, the home environment and you as a person. New energies will be entering your life which will lead to renewed enthusiasm and the","are sending you positive energy and balance so that you are able to stay focused upon your path."]
"Health and well-being depend upon flows of energy. Emotion is energy and you are encouraged to go with the flow of it. Crying is important; laughing is important, as is deep breathing and physical movement ... everything that encourages you to keep your energy flowing and moving."
["Number 1606 relates to","(1+6+0+6=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
