["Number 1742 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 1 and number 7, and the vibrations and qualities of number 4 and number 2.","promotes initiative, ambition and motivation, striving forward and progress, will-power, self-leadership and assertiveness, instinct and intuition. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with learning, emotions and feelings, determination and persistence of purpose, contemplation and introspection,","and compassion for others,",",","and",", mysticism and psychic abilities.","encourages diligence and determination to achieve goals, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty, integrity and inner-wisdom.  Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and the energies of the",".","adds its attributes of balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, encouragement, duality, faith and trust and serving your","."]
["Angel Number 1742 indicates your faith,","and optimism have manifested","into your life, and you have good reason to feel happy and fulfilled.The hard work and effort you have expelled in the past is now reaping rewards, and you are to be congratulated for your diligence, persistence and forethought. You have been growing and expanding on all levels, and you are now",".","for your blessings and rewards and enjoy the fruits of your labour. Now is a great time to bask in the glow of love, light and positive energies."]
["Angel Number 1742 brings","that you have been working from your heart and soul to help, assist and serve others, and you have been serving your","and","with passion and commitment. It is a wonderful time for you in many ways, and your angels encourage you to enjoy your experiences and blessings. You have found balance and harmony within yourself and this is being reflected outwards to others. The","applaud you in your efforts and fully support and encourage you to continue on your current path."]
"Angel Number 1742 suggests that you pace yourself in all areas of your life and carefully consider all options and possibilities before taking on any new commitments, responsibilities, projects or ventures. Take stock of all that you have going on in your life today and weed out elements that do not (or no longer) positively serve you. Find and establish balance between your work and leisure time so that all facets of your life can be catered to appropriately. Your spiritual, physical and emotional wellbeing are all of equal importance. Take the time to nurture and nourish yourself in all ways."
["Number 1742 relates to","(1+7+4+2=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
