"Number 1446 is a combination of the vibrations and attributes of number 1 and number 4, with number 4 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of"
["number 6.","denotes initiative and striving forward, creation, new beginnings and projects, achieving success, attainment, fulfilment and happiness. Number 1"]
["also reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","resonates with working steadily towards goals and aspirations, truth"]
"and integrity, practicality, system and order, determination and self-initiation, building solid foundations and enthusiasm coupled with determination.  Number 4 also"
["vibrates to the energies of the",".","relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and"]
"reliability, providing for the self and others, and nurturing.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative, action and overcoming"
"obstacles."
"Angel Number 1446 indicates that the hard work and effort you have put into your endeavours will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones, and you are"
"encouraged to keep up the great work you have been doing.  Know that your needs will be met due to your diligence and determination to achieve and succeed.  Give"
["any anxieties or worries to your angels, and focus your energies upon your soul urgings and","."]
"Angel Number 1446 asks that you release your fears and anxieties so that the angels can help and assist you with attaining and providing for your material needs. The"
["determined effort and will you have exerted towards achieving your personal goals and","have ensured that your monetary and material needs"]
"will be met.  Maintain a positive attitude to encourage a continued stream of abundance in your life. Keep up the great work you are doing."
"Your angels ask you to release any feelings or fears of loss or lack and trust that your monetary issues will be sorted for your highest good and you will have all that"
"need, when you need it.  Do not fear striving ahead towards your goals as your success is assured. Keep a positive and optimistic attitude and outlook and be grateful"
"and appreciative for all that you have, and all you are yet to receive.  Do not waste your time on negative thinking, people, subjects or circumstances and get on with"
"and living your passions with joy."
"Listen to your intuition and inspiration as they come directly from your soul."
["Number 1446 relates to","(1+4+4+6=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
