["Number 2168 relates to","(2+1+6+8=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"Number 2168 brings together the vibrations and influences of number 2 and number 1, and the attributes and energies of number 6 and number 8."
"Number 2"
["resonates with service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, fulfilment and happiness, partnerships and relationships, faith and trust and serving your","."]
"Number 1"
["brings optimism, attainment, new beginnings, motivation and progress, beginning new projects, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 6"
"relates to love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, personal willpower, independence, initiative and action, problem-solving and overcoming obstacles."
"Number 8"
["adds its attributes of",", personal power and authority,",", discernment and good judgement, a desire for peace, a love of humanity and world transformation, giving and receiving and the","(",").","Angel Number 2168 brings","to let go of any fears or concerns of lack or loss, or anything negative to do with the financial and material aspects of your life. Trust that your prayers are being answers and the Universal Energies are catering to your material and financial wants and needs, giving you the opportunity to focus upon your true goals and desires. Have faith and trust that your needs are being met, and you and your loved ones will have ample supply to cover all that you require.","Angel Number 2168 also brings a message about your personal spirituality, inner-strength and tenacity and pursuing your",". As","and experiences, stay focused upon achieving both your long and short term goals and have faith and trust in your skills, talents and abilities. Know that you will find success in all that you put your mind and efforts towards, whatever that may be.","The","are helping you to recognize and acknowledge the Divine light within yourself and others, so maintain a","about all aspects of your life and continue to","your goals, dreams and desires in order to maintain a steady flow of abundance and prosperity. Remember that it is your birthright to share in the","and prosperity of the Universe."]
