["Number 2148 relates to","(2+1+4+8=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"Number 2148 brings together the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and influences of number 4 and number 8."
"Number 2"
["promotes service and duty, balance and harmony, adaptability, diplomacy and co-operation, consideration and receptivity, relationships and partnerships, fulfilment and happiness, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["relates to initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and taking a fresh approach. It also relates to motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, diligence and determination to successfully achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the","."]
"Number 8"
["encourages personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, trustworthiness, resilience, dependability and self-reliance,","wealth and",", the concept of","and the",".","Angel Number 2148 encourages you to have self-belief, confidence, courage, faith and trust.  Your",", prayers,","and","have been heard and acknowledged by the Universal Energies. Let go of any worries and/or fears and continue on your path unhindered trusting that the angels are alongside you all the way. Accept your just rewards with grace and","and remember that inner-peace is essential for good health and well-being. Stay focused and balanced within and know that all is going to Divine right order and in Divine right time.","Angel Number 2148 relates to your personal spirituality, inner-strength and tenacity and pursuing your","whilst maintaining balance and harmony in both your inner and outer lives. Have faith and trust in your own skills, talents and abilities and the power of the Universal Energies and know that you will find success in all that you put your heart, mind and efforts towards. The","are helping you to recognize and acknowledge the Divine light within yourself and others.","Angel Number 2148 also suggests that you take the time to",", connect and communicate with the angelic and spiritual realm about your career/ finances/income, home environment, relationship aspects and life in general. Ask for what you want and need with clarity and conviction and be open and receptive to the infinite abundance and benevolence of the Universe. Accept the blessings that are your due as rewards for work well done. The more","you are, the more reasons you will find to be even more","."]
"*"
