["Number 2825 brings together the vibrations of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the energies of the powerful number 8, and the attributes of number 5.","relates to adaptability, faith and trust, service to others, flexibility, balance and harmony, diplomacy and mediation, receptivity and love, partnerships and relationships, understanding, support and encouragement, and serving your",".","is the number of self-confidence and personal authority,",", monetary and business acumen, decisiveness, giving and receiving,","and intelligence,","and good judgement. Number 8 is also the number of",", the",".","encourages making positive life changes, personal freedom, idealism and motivation, cleverness and intelligence, opportunity and expansion,",", adaptability and versatility. Number 5 also relates to doing things your own way and learning","through experience."]
["Angel Number 2825 encourages you to summon the courage needed to make sweeping,","and changes in your life that require you to step into your own power and fully focus on the things in your life that bring you satisfaction, happiness, fulfilment and joy. Use",", good judgement and your gut instincts when making choices and changes."]
["Angel Number 2825 brings a reminder that everyone comes into your life for a reason and every person brings a","to learn. Every person shows up at a certain moment, for a specific amount of time in order to help you gain wisdom. People often show up in your life to acts as a messenger. You may view their appearance as a coincidence or synchronicity, but pay attention as they have come to share an important message and/or","."]
["Angel Number 2825 can also be warning you to avoid making hasty, ill-considered decisions, choices or promises at this time. Keep a balanced and focused mind-set and look to all of your options and seek inner-guidance before proceeding. Do not ignore the wise advice of others and/or your own",". Reclaim your own authority, see the truth of a situation and face any challenges presenting to you at this time. Use wisdom, instinct and inner-knowing."]
["Number 2825 relates to","(2+8+2+5=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
