"Number 959 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 9 and number 5, with number 9 appearing twice, magnifying its vibrations."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
"relates to life changes, the fullness of your humanity and human experience, versatility and adaptability, vitality, inspiration, imagination and curiosity, learning life lessons, motivation and activity, making positive life choices and decisions that suit who you truly are, and personal freedom."
"Angel Number 959 tells you that changes, endings and conclusions of some circumstances or situations in your life may be taking place at this time. No matter what is happening around you and what others are doing, be true to yourself and do what resonates with you. Find out what your own truths are, know what you want, speak your mind and live with honesty and integrity. Stand your ground and live your truths, coming from a place of love and light."
["Angel Number 959 brings","that it is time to focus upon your personal spirituality and"]
". Your life is changing in many positive ways, and these changes will open doors for you to pursue an interest, career or pastime that matches your spiritual beliefs. If you have been dreaming of a different career or profession, opportunities may arise that will lead you in that direction. Angel Number 959 may be indicating that it is time to look to a"
"or service-based venture or project that comes from the heart."
["Angel Number 959 brings a message that your skills, abilities and talents as a","are desperately needed by humanity, and you are urged to get to work on your","without delay. Trust your intuition and the","and take action accordingly."]
["Angel Number 959 is a call for","to get to work. Use your skills, talents and personal tenacity to excel in your life and continue to grow in positive and loving ways as you uplift and enlighten yourself and others."]
["Number 959 relates to","(9+5+9=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
