"Number 2421 is a compilation of the attributes of number 2 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, the vibrations of number 4, and the energies of number 1."
"Number 2"
["relates to attainment and fulfilment, diplomacy and co-operation, relationships, sharing, service and duty, finding balance and harmony, selflessness, faith and trust and pursuing your","and","."]
"Number 4"
["resonates with honesty and integrity, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, patience, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive, and the energies of the","."]
"Number 1"
["brings initiative, instinct and intuition, self-leadership and assertiveness, new beginnings and a fresh approach, taking action, striving forward and progress. Number 1 reminds us that","by our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","Angel Number 2421 brings a message to look to the values learned through the lessons of patience and waiting, value the creative process and be open to positive change. Sometimes you have to swim against the tide to get to where you want to go, so be prepared to put in some extra effort, time and/or hard work in order to get to your destination. Trust that you will achieve success with all that you put your will and effort towards. Follow your intuition and maintain a","and a love of life. Have faith and trust in yourself.","Angel Number 2421 can indicate that it is time to evaluate (or re-evaluate) your progress in life. Ask yourself, without judgement, where you are on your desired path. It may be a perfect time to create what you wish to experience in your life. Take action to create a healthier, more fulfilling life for yourself and others."]
"Angel Number 2421 encourages you to put extra focus and attention on your creative endeavours and if you have been considering a new direction or beginning a new project or venture, now would be a most auspicious time to take the plunge. Trust that the work you do today will bring benefits to your life in the future. You are on the right life path and all is going to Divine plan."
["Number 2421 relates to","(2+4+2+1=9) and"]
"."
