"Number 994 is a compilation of the energies and attributes of number 9 appearing twice, magnifying its influences, and the vibrations of number 4."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
["is associated with conscientiousness, practicality and application, hard work and responsibility, traditional values, honesty and integrity, patience, structure, stability and endurance, and diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our passion and drive and the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 994 is a","that a circumstance, cycle or phase is coming to an end in your life and you are encouraged to let go of any situation that has ran its course. Do not try to hold onto something that no longer serves you in a positive way and have no fear of lack or loss. Look to your beliefs and thought-patterns and examine them with honesty and clarity. Recognize and acknowledge those that do not positively serve you, and work towards changing your perspective and mind-set. Look to your own strengths and abilities and grow beyond limiting beliefs and thought-patterns."]
["Angel Number 944 tells you that as one door closes, another opens. Your","are helping you to open this new door of opportunity and to heal from any residual sorrow, pain or fear you may be feeling due to the changes you may be undergoing. Stay focused on positive outcomes and live and serve your","with courage, passion and purpose."]
["Angel Number 994 is also a message that it may be time to look to a new career and/or lifestyle. If you have been considering taking up a","or heart-based project or service, now is the ideal time to set the foundations for future success. Trust that you have all the necessary tools, skills and abilities to be a",", and your talents are much needed at this time."]
"Share your knowledge and wisdom with an open heart and come from a place of love, light and compassion."
["Number 994 relates to the","(9+9+4=22, 2+2=4) and","on the higher plane, and","and","on the lower plane."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of NUMBERS"
