["Number 2189 relates to","(2+1+8+9=20, 2+0=2) and","."]
"Number 2189 is a blend of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 1, and the vibrations and qualities of number 8 and number 9."
"Number 2"
["relates to diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, service to others, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and serving your","and","."]
"Number 1"
["brings courage, progress, willpower and ambition, new beginnings and starting afresh, self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, finding success and personal fulfilment. Number 1 also tells you that you","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 8"
["resonates with","and the","(Cause and Effect). Number 8 adds its energies of",", personal power and authority, manifesting material freedom and abundance, dependability and self-confidence."]
"Number 9"
["relates to leading by positive example,",", philanthropy and humanitarianism, problem solving, generosity and benevolence, and endings and conclusions. Number 9 also relates to the",".","Angel Number 2189 encourages you to find balance in your material and spiritual worlds, and use your natural abilities to","and prosperity so that you can share it with those who need it. Have faith and trust that you will always have plenty to care for yourself and your loved ones as the","and Universal Energies will ensure that your material needs are always met in Divine right time. Know that you are able to confidently serve your",", with your wants and needs being met along the way.","Angel Number 2189 tells you that your natural","skills are needed by many on the Earthplane at this time, and you have the talents to be a spiritual teacher, healer and/or leader. You have the ability to counsel and advise others and help them to awaken their own spiritual gifts and",", and the positive examples you set by living your truths will teach and encourage others to follow suit. Your","encourage you to live your life with passion and purpose and keep up your great",".","Angel Number 2189 may also suggest that a cycle or phase will be coming to an end soon, with rewards coming from hard work well done. Do not fear lack or loss as these endings and conclusions will lead to auspicious new beginnings and opportunities, and your success and achievement will bring blessings and rewards of many kinds into your life. Be open to giving and receiving love on all levels and","to comfort, support and guide you towards your next steps."]
