"Number 608 is a combination of the energies of number 6, the attributes of number 0, and the vibrations of number 8."
"is associated with home and family, domesticity, expressing grace and gratitude, service to others and selflessness, responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, care and nurturing, and finding solutions."
["represents the Universal Energies, the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["is related to",", self-confidence and personal authority,","and good judgement, achievement and success, giving and receiving,","and serving humanity. Number 8 also relates to the concept of","; the","."]
["Angel Number 608 brings a reassuring","that all areas of your life, including your career and financial aspects, are being supported by your","and Universal Energies. Your financial flow is determined by your",", expectations and actions, therefore, stay positive and optimistic about the material and financial aspects of your life and take actions that will bring you closer to achieving your goals and desires. Maintain a positive mind-set as these energies help to","your continued supply of","and use","and","to maintain a steady supply. Know that all is going to Divine plan in your life."]
["Angel Number 608 tells of self-management and achieving success and","due to your personal efforts, intentions and actions. Expect prosperity and abundance to enter your life. Be open to receiving your dues and rewards and","and appreciative of your blessings. Keep in mind that the more you have, the more you have to share with others as you are intuitively guided."]
"Angel Number 608 also tells you that if you have intentions of selling or being rid of something of material value, the items/s will leave your life quickly and easily and exciting ‘new’ will enter to take its place. If you have been considering beginning or expanding your own business and/or income earning venture, now would be a good time to take positive steps to make it so. Take positive action in your desired direction as personal achievements and successes are yours to be had."
"Relinquish your fears and allow yourself to fulfill your potential."
["Number 608 relates to","(6+0+8=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
