"Number 2011 is a compilation of the qualities of number 2, the influences of number 0, and the energies of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its vibrations."
"Number 2"
["lends it energies of balance, healing, devotion and grace, duality, diplomacy and adaptability, partnership and relationships, sensitivity and selflessness. Number 2 also resonates with faith and trust and","and","."]
"Number 0"
["resonates with eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point, potential and/or choice, and represents the beginning of a spiritual journey and encourages","."]
"Number 1"
["relates to creativity and creation,","and attainment, new beginnings, motivation and progress, self-reliance, striving forward and pursuing goals, achievement and inspiration. It also relates to","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions.","Angel Number 2011 represents the cycles of experience and regeneration towards a higher consciousness, sensitivity and a heightened intuition, education and the intellect, knowledge and higher wisdom."]
["Angel Number 2011 brings a message to pay attention to your recurring thoughts about yourself and your life as your thoughts and beliefs are","at a rapid rate at this time. Ensure that you focus on your desired outcomes only as what you think about, you bring about. You can choose to create hope, health, success and happiness, or you can choose to create loss, pain, despair and negativity, as you are the creator of your own realities and experiences. When you hold positive thoughts, an","and high expectations, the Universe responds and sends you wonderful opportunities and experiences all in Divine right time.","Angel Number 2011 suggests that the new opportunities or directions you take that will lead you towards new and exciting situations and circumstances that will enhance your life and that of others. Trust that your angels are by your side and are guiding your every step, encouraging you to remain calm, balanced and happy. Trust that all will work out for your highest good."]
["Number 2011 relates to","(2+0+1+1=4) and","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
