"Number 2014 is a combination of the energies and attributes of number 2 and number 0, and the vibrations and influences of number 1 and number 4."
"Number 2"
["resonates with balance and harmony, duality and diplomacy, flexibility, grace, devotion, mediation, partnerships and relationships, duty and service Number 2 also relates to serving your","and","."]
"Number 0"
["vibrates to the Universal Energies (or Source), and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity, infinity, oneness, wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 amplifies and magnifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
"Number 1"
["relates to creation and new beginnings, courage, ambition, positivity and self-reliance, inspiration and ambition, achievement and success. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 4"
["is the number of honesty and integrity, self-control, loyalty and conscientiousness, traditional values and responsibility, practicality and application, diligence and determination to achieve goals. Number 4 also relates to our drive, passion and purpose, and the energies of the",".","Angel Number 2014 asks you to open your heart and mind to the wonderful possibilities and opportunities ahead of you that are connected to your","and passions in life. Balance your work life with your family, social and leisure time, and take the time to",", relax, revive and rejuvenate. This will bring a sense of balance and inner-harmony and will enable to you gain clarity and establish your values and truths, as well as nurture your soul. This also brings a renewed sense of self and a fresh enthusiasm for your own life. You have much to achieve in this lifetime and the","want you to be functioning at your optimum so that you are able to face and overcome any obstacles or difficulties in order to live your life to the maximum with balance, wisdom, determination and a",".","Angel Number 2014 encourages you to consider all aspects of your life and measure what matters most. Be honest and true with yourself. If you don’t like your job/career/profession, change it. Find something that you are good at and are going to be happy doing (This can apply to all areas of your life). You may need to study, practice and/or learn some new skills or gain some extra knowledge, but trust that you will pick it up with ease and will be able to apply all of your abilities, for your own benefit and that of others."]
"Think of ways to bring your ideas and dreams to fruition and put your efforts towards achieving those goals. With a solid plan in place and a true belief in yourself, there is nothing you cannot achieve. Take balanced, well-considered steps and keep your focus on the positives. Your intuition and inner-knowing will always let you know when you are on the right path …. Rely upon them."
["Number 2014 relates to","(2+0+1+4=7) and","."]
["*","-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"]
