"Number 1066 is a combination of the attributes and energies of number 1, number 0 and number 6, with number 6 appearing twice, amplifying its influences."
"resonates with creativity and initiative, new beginnings, self-reliance and tenacity, striving towards achieving success and attainment.  Number 1 also reminds us that"
"with our beliefs, thoughts and actions. Number 0 magnifies and amplifies the energies and attributes of the numbers it appears with, and"
["resonates with the Universal Energies and the ‘God force’.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is a message to do with","and is"]
"considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as"
["this is where you will find all of your answers.","carries the vibrations of love of home and family and domesticity, service to others and selflessness,"]
"responsibility and reliability, providing for the self and others, caring and nurturing others.  Number 6 also resonates with personal willpower, independence, initiative,"
"action and overcoming obstacles."
"Number 1066 is a message of home, family, beauty and love."
["Angel Number 1066 is a message from","to keep your thoughts 'heavenward' and positive, and to let go of material matters or concerns.  The focus is on"]
"emotions, family issues, the home environment and you as a person.  New energies will be entering your life which will lead to renewed enthusiasm.  The angels are"
"sending you positive energy and balance so that you are able to stay focused on your path."
"Angel Number 1066 is a reminder from your angels to maintain positive expectations and speak, think and act only in the most positive and practical of ways.  Look"
"upon all aspect of your life with optimism and hold high expectations, and you will find that all issues will be resolved and solutions found."
[", and",", so choose your thoughts, words and actions wisely."]
["Repeating Angel Number 1066 is a message to let go and release any material concerns or worries and focus on your true desires, passions and",".  With a"]
"positive mind-set, expect abundance to enter your material world, which will permeate through the other realms of your life."
"Angel Number 1066 encourages diplomacy, negotiation, compassion and co-operation.  To heal a negative situation, view the other side of the situation with open eyes"
"and an open heart."
["Number 1066 relates to","(1+0+6+6=13, 1+3=4) and","."]
"Also see:"
"Angel Number 166"
