["Number 1851 is made up of the vibrations of number 1 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies and attributes of number 8 and number 5.","promotes creation and creativity, pioneering, action and initiative, new beginnings and motivation, self-leadership and assertiveness, striving forward and progress. Number 1 also relates to","with our thoughts, intentions, beliefs and actions.","relates to personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, confidence, discernment and good judgement, dependability and self-reliance, the concept of","and","wealth and",".","resonates with personal freedom and individuality, major life changes, making important",", promotion and advancements, adaptability and versatility,","learned through experience and resourcefulness."]
["Angel Number 1851 reminds you that","and","are based upon the","(or the","), the",", and the",". Whatever you see and believe forms a mould for your outer reality and you","with your intentions, beliefs, thoughts and actions. Allow the power of","and","to effect positive changes in your thoughts. Your expectations create your reality, so","."]
["Angel Number 1851 encourages you to maintain a positive outlook and expectations in regards to the changes currently taking place in your life. Keep your focus on attaining positive results and fulfilment, rather than worrying about lack or loss, as when you have high expectations and maintain a","the","and Universal Energies help you to","your highest ideals and achieve success in all that you put your efforts towards. Positive things are","around you at a rapid rate right now, so make the most of them. Use positive words and think positive thoughts to ensure a steady supply in your life."]
["Use the","from past experiences to guide you in making the right decisions regarding a financial venture, investment or career opportunity. Listen to your intuition and inner-self and take note of your feelings and emotions. You already know which actions to take within you, so take heed of your gut instincts and follow accordingly. Make your own choices and",". The power is within you. Learn from the past, live in the now and plan for the future."]
"Whether it is starting up a new business venture or entering a new relationship, the right doors are opening and the path is clear and lit for you."
["Number 1851 relates to","(1+8+5+1=15, 1+5=6) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
