"Number 2318 is a blend of the vibrations of number 2, the attributes of number 3, the energies of number 1 and the influences of the powerful number 8."
"Number 2"
["brings its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and fulfilling your","and","."]
"Number 3"
["promotes energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, and ‘faith hope and charity’. Number 3 also relates to the",", indicating that are around you, assisting when asked and helping you to focus upon the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","."]
"Number 1"
["relates to optimism, motivation and activity, creation, new beginnings and starting afresh, striving forward and progress, attainment and happiness. Number 1 also tells you that","with your thoughts, beliefs and actions."]
"Number 8"
["resonates with personal power and authority,",", truth and integrity, good judgement and discernment, dependability and self-reliance,","wealth and",", and the concept of","; the","."]
["Angel Number 2318 is a message that the","have heard your prayers and are assisting and supporting you as you accept the flow of Divine","into your life. This may come by way of money, time, energy or in whatever form you require. By using your natural attributes, skills and talents you have been able to create circumstances in your life that are more aligned with your true inner-self, and this will have many personal, long-term benefits for you. Make the most of these auspicious circumstances and share your blessings with others."]
["Angel Number 2318 encourages you to use your personal creativity in constructive and productive ways and put your skills and talents to work to achieve your heart’s desires. Trust that you will find success in your chosen endeavours. Your","encourage you to trust in the guidance you have been receiving as it has been urging you along as you serve your",". Your","remind you that when you","with passion and optimism you automatically manifest ample supply to sustain and maintain your life and lifestyle."]
"When you want something in your life, no matter what it is, you must be prepared to receive it."
["Number 2318 relates to","(2+3+1+8=14, 1+4=5) and","."]
