"Number 973 is a combination of the energies and vibrations of number 9 and number 7, and the attributes of number 3."
["is the number of","and service to humanity, philanthropy and benevolence, duty and calling, leading by positive example, sensitivity and strength of character, non-conformity and idealism. Number 9 also relates to the",", and endings and conclusions."]
["relates to the esoteric and mystical,","and",", emotions and feelings, endurance and perseverance, contemplation and introspection, inner-knowing and understanding others,","and",", and education and learning."]
"is the number of"
[", creativity and self-expression, joy and spontaneity, growth and expansion, imagination and intelligence, affability and enthusiasm. Number 3 also resonates with the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 973 is a message that your thoughts, visions and intuitive feelings about your","are spot on. As you pay attention to your thoughts, nurture those that nourish, uplift and motivate you towards achieving your desired outcomes. Set your intentions, as the aim of setting your intentions is to know with clarity and declare what it is you wish to experience or",". It is then your responsibility to put energy behind your intentions and take appropriate action. You are here to experience your own reality and live your life to the fullest."]
["Angel Number 973 suggests that the","and","are guiding and assisting you in fulfilling your","and",". As you put your focus and efforts towards living your personal truths and being a positive example for others, you automatically","and plenty into your life. The","encourage you to continue on your current path as all is going to Divine plan."]
["Angel Number 973 encourages you to continue listening to your intuition and","about your career path and",". You have been living and leading your spiritual life with optimism and enthusiasm and the","wish to commend you on your commitment. Trust that you are living your","and","and fulfilling your destiny. Maintain balance, poise and","."]
["Number 973 relates to","(9+7+3=19, 1+9=10, 1+0=1) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"- The Vibrations and Energy of Numbers"
