["Number 312 is a combination of the vibrations of number 3, the attributes of number 1 and the energies of number 2.","resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, broad-minded thinking, communication and self-expression, encouragement, assistance, and natural talents and skills. Number 3 also indicates that the","are around you, assisting when asked and helping you to focus upon the Divine spark within yourself and others.","relates to self-leadership and assertiveness, initiative, instinct and intuition, new beginnings and a fresh approach, motivation, striving forward and progress, and reminds us that","with our thoughts, beliefs, intentions and actions.","carries the qualities of balance and harmony, selflessness and service to others, diplomacy, mediation and co-operation, faith and trust and also relates to your","and",". Number 312 represents society, communication, partnerships, duality and balance."]
["Angel Number 312 is","and the","to stay positive and optimistic about your future and destiny."]
"Do not allow fears or doubts to stop or hinder you from pursuing what your heart and soul prompt you to. Be true to yourself in every way and do not compromise your truths, values and principles. Beautiful things happen in your life when you remove yourself from fears, dramas, negativities and falsehoods."
["Angel Number 312 indicates that the","are assisting you in your life and are promoting love and trust within yourself and within your relationships with others. When you have the courage to be your true self it most often challenges the people around you, so express your truths and values in loving and gentle ways."]
["Angel Number 312 also encourages you to keep your faith and connection with the","strong and clear as you progress along your current path. Have faith and trust and stay positive about your","and","."]
"If you have been looking to enrol in a course of study and/or further education, Angel Number 312 may suggest that now would be a great time to follow through with your desires. Do not allow a lack of self-belief stop you from pursuing your goals as you will have all that you need, when you need it, in every way."
["Number 312 also relates to","(3+1+2=6) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
