["Number 674 is a compilation of the vibrations and attributes of number 6 and number 7, and the energies and influences of number 4.","relates to the material and monetary aspects of life, love of home, family and domesticity, convention and tradition, responsibility and reliability, compassion and sympathy, nurturing and care. Number 6 also relates to problem-solving and solution-finding.","adds its qualities of spirituality and",",","and",", independence and individualism, mysticism, inner-knowing,","and",", faith, persistence of purpose, study and research.","is the number of hard work, practicality, worthiness, traditional values and dependability, determined efforts, responsibility and reliability, building solid foundations, achieving your goals and well-earned rewards. Number 4 also resonates with your passion and drive in life the energies of the","."]
["Angel Number 674 brings","that the hard work and effort you have expelled in the past is now reaping rewards, and you are to be commended for your diligence and forethought. It is a wonderful time for you right now, and your","encourage you to enjoy your experiences and blessings. Stay positive, keep up the great work to continue",", and trust that all of your material needs will be met as you continue upon your life path. Have faith and trust in your own abilities, skills and talents, and know that you are walking your Divine life path with",", passion and persistence."]
["Angel Number 674 encourages you to look to ways to bring more positive energies into your home and family life, and spread love and light wherever you go. Some time and effort put towards expanding and building upon your personal spirituality will enlighten and uplift, and will bring the answers to your prayers. Make efforts to turn your home into a place of beauty, balance, peace and harmony, spend time in natural environments and","about your true intentions, wishes and heart’s desires."]
"Trust that you are right where you are meant to be at this moment. This moment is a stepping-stone to the next."
["Number 674 relates to","(6+7+4=17, 1+7=8) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
