["Number 470 is a combination of the vibrations and energies of number 4 and number 7 and the influences of number 0.","brings its vibrations of working steadily towards goals and"]
"aspirations, practicality and patience, organization and exactitude, system and order, building solid foundations, and enthusiasm coupled with determination. Number 4"
["also relates to the energies of the",".","resonates with the energies of","and",", mysticism and","and",","]
"education and learning, introspection, individualism and persistence of purpose."
["represents the Universal Energies, the beginning of a spiritual journey and stands for potential and/or choice,",", eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 470 resonates with the vibrations of working diligently towards your personal","with faith, trust, passion and"]
"purpose. It is a message of support and encouragement from the angelic and spiritual realms. They applaud and celebrate the choices you have made and the excellent"
"work you have been doing. The efforts you have made towards living a ‘good’ life and devoting yourself to your spiritual truths and practices have held you in good"
"stead in your life. You are exactly where you are meant to be and are urged to continue doing such a great job. You are benefiting yourself and those around you with"
"your practices."
["Angel Number 470 may also be suggesting that if you are considering expanding or beginning a","or heart-based venture, the angels will support"]
"and encourage you towards pursuing your dreams. You will need to put in some hard work and effort, but you will find long-term rewards and benefits for yourself and"
["for those whom you serve.","when feeling any doubts or fears as to your path."]
"Go within and connect with your highest intelligence. You are always led and guided in ways that are for the highest benefit of all concerned."
["Number 470 also relates to the karmic","(4+7+0=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
"NUMEROLOGY"
