["Number 164 is a combination of the attributes and energies of number 1, number 6 and number 4.","lends its vibrations of fresh starts and new beginnings, positivity and open-mindedness, attainment, fulfilment and success. Number 1 tells us that","with our thoughts, beliefs and action and encourages us to step in the direction of our desires with courage and conviction.","brings its attributes of the monetary and financial aspects of life, provision and providing, love of home and family, domesticity, nurturing and caring for others, and finding solutions to problems.","resonates with willpower and effort, traditional values, stability and ability, building solid foundations and working determinately and diligently towards achieving goals. Number 4 also resonates with the energies of the",".","is considered to represent the beginning of a spiritual journey and highlights the uncertainties that may entail.  It stands for potential and/or choice, and is to do with",".  It suggests that you listen to your intuition and higher-self as this is where you will find all of your answers.  Number 0 resonates with eternity and infinity, oneness and wholeness, continuing cycles and flow, and the beginning point. Number 0 powerfully amplifies the energies of the numbers it appears with."]
["Angel Number 1640 brings","that the hard work and effort you have put towards your endeavours will have long-term benefits for you and your loved ones, and you are encouraged to keep up the great work you have been doing. Give any anxieties or worries to your",", and focus your energies upon your soul urgings and pursuing your true",". Know that your needs will be met due to your diligence and determination to achieve and succeed."]
"Angel Number 1640 is indicates that the intentions, effort and work you have been doing towards improving your life and establishing solid foundations for yourself and others has ensured a steady flow of positive energies, opportunities and abundance into your life. Keep your focus on your life goals and strive towards achieving them, knowing that success will ultimately be yours."
"Angel Number 1640 encourages you to remain optimistic and positive about your financial and material issues as they are being taken care of by the angels and Universal Energies.  The negative energies of stress and anxiety repel the energies of prosperity and abundance, so the angels ask that you keep a positive frame of mind and release all worries to them.  Trust that you are supported in all ways."
["Your","are constantly drawing you towards your destiny."]
["Number 1640 relates to the karmic","(1+6+4+0=11) and","."]
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
