"Number 2338 is a blend of the attributes of number 2, the vibrations of number 3 appearing twice, amplifying its influences, and the energies of the powerful number 8."
"Number 2"
["brings its energies of diplomacy and co-operation, consideration for others, finding balance and harmony, partnerships and relationships, devotion and selflessness, faith and trust and fulfilling your","and","."]
"Number 3"
["resonates with energy, growth, expansion and the principles of increase, spontaneity, self-expression, encouragement and assistance, talent and skills, and ‘faith hope and charity’. Number 3 also relates to the",", indicating that are around you, assisting when asked. The Ascended Masters help you to focus on the Divine spark within yourself and others, and assist with","."]
"Number 8"
["resonates with personal power and authority,","and intelligence, truth and integrity, dependability and self-reliance,",", and the concept of","; the",".","Angel Number 2338 is a message about your personal spirituality, inner-strength and tenacity and pursuing your",". Your connection with the angelic and spiritual realms and your intentions, actions, prayers and","have opened you to the flow of infinite"]
"positive abundance"
[", and you have unlimited access to","and assistance to give you clarity, strength, hope and courage to face whatever happens in your life.","Angel Number 2338 encourages you to stand tall and believe in your own extraordinary strengths and unique talents and you will be amazed at what you can do and achieve. Believe in yourself and open up and allow the flow of","into your life (by way of money, time, energy or in whatever form you require) and know that well-earned rewards and blessings of all kinds are headed your way. Know that you will find success in all that you put your mind and efforts towards.","You can bring about your dreams more quickly by paying attention to your thoughts, feelings, visions intuitive messages and words or signs that repeat themselves to you."]
["Number 2338 relates to","(2+3+3+8=16, 1+6=7) and","."]
"*"
