"Number 878 is a compilation of the attributes and influences of number 8 and number 7, with the powerful number 8 appearing twice, magnifying and amplifying its vibrations."
["resonates with practicality, personal power and authority, dependability and self-reliance,",",","and decisiveness, a desire for peace and a love of humanity, world transformation, giving and receiving and the",";","."]
"resonates with study and learning, spiritual awakening and development, Divine and inner-wisdom, emotions and feelings, contemplation and introspection, mysticism, empathic and psychic abilities, persistence of purpose and determination."
["Angel Number 878 brings","that you are to focus upon your spiritual path and look to interests that resonate with your soul’s calling. It may also be suggesting that you take up more substantial spiritual practices and consider a","or service-based venture or project. As you pursue and serve your","you will","ample supply to take care of your material wants and needs. Expect many blessings in your life."]
["Angel Number 878 is a sign that you have learned how to successfully interpret Divine guidance and have incorporated it into your daily life and lifestyle choices. Your","encourage you to keep up the good work you have been doing and trust that you will have all that you need to sustain and maintain you along your soul’s journey."]
["Angel Number 878 is a message of acknowledgement of your hard work and diligent efforts, and the","applaud your",". Continue on your path as your grow with","and find success and fulfilment in the material world."]
"Angel Number 878 may also be indicating that you may be feeling as though a phase or part of your life is coming to an end, such as a relationship or job."
"Angel Number 878 brings validation that your feelings are correct, so prepare yourself for the positive changes to come."
"Accept what is and keep moving forward."
["Number 878 relates to","(8+7+8=23, 2+3=5) and","."]
"*"
"Joanne"
"Sacred Scribes"
"-  The Vibration and Meaning of Numbers"
