"*"
["Our","and guardian angels guide us through our thoughts, our emotions, our insights and our actions.  Our guardians show us signs as a means of subtly (and sometimes not so subtly) getting our attention in order for them to be able to guide us."]
["One way that our","attract our attention is by showing us physical signs, such as repeating number sequences, which can appear in all manner of places. Numbers are all around us in our everyday lives, so it is not difficult for the angels to arrange them in a fashion that we take notice of."]
["When we recognize and interpret the repeating number sequences around us, we are able to feel more connected to our spirit guides and",". This connection allows us to open the door to our inspiring and powerful connection to the angelic realm, which brings about clarity, hope, peace and love."]
["Interpreting the messages and meanings of your Angel Numbers (or repetitive number sequences) is an effective way of recurring messages and insights from your guardian angels and","."]
"Interpreting your Angel Numbers is a very personal undertaking, and to decipher them accurately you must use your own intuitive abilities. Just as each and every soul has its own unique vibration and energy, so too does the messages and meanings of your recurring number sequences."
["Often, when you see the numbers of your date of birth repeating to you, it is an indication that you are to concentrate and focus upon pursuing your true","... your reason"]
["for being ... your","."]
"Seeing your own birthday is a reminder of why you were born and your reason for being on the Earthplane at this time."
"*  The placement of the numbers within a sequence holds its own relevance and meaning. When there are more than three digits in a sequence, the middle number (or numbers) is the primary focus as this represents the crux of the message and meaning."
"*  When there are multiple digits in the repeating number sequences, after looking into the message and meaning of the centre number/s, look at the number sequence as a whole."
"Each individual number can be looked at independently, then the digits added together until reduced to a single digit.  For example:  a repeating number sequence of 376 can be looked at a few different ways. The number 7 is to be looked at and deciphered first.  Then each individual number – 3, 7 then 6 is to be looked at individually.  The entirety of the number 376 can then be added and reduced to a single digit  -  3 + 7 + 6 = 16 (1 + 6 = 7). This makes the number 7 the most relevant message and meaning of your repeating number sequences."
"Use your intuition and inner-knowing to decipher your personal message. Your soul will resonate with the appropriate message/s."
"The trick is that when you are seeing the numbers (no matter what they are), you are being directly communicated with. It doesn’t really matter that you don’t understand the message in a human sense, because your subconscious mind is hearing, understanding and knowing all for you. Even when you are reading the messages on this site, your guides and angels are communicating with you on another level, so let go of the need to understand on a human, conscious level.  Just trust."
"The main thing about seeing and acknowledging the repeating number sequences or Angel Numbers is the fact that you are consciously seeing them.  At this time, your angels are communicating directly with YOU.  The messages are for YOU and they are about YOU and YOUR life ...  It is up to YOU to take the time to go within, listen to your intuition and true self, and figure out what the message/s are telling YOU and what they mean to YOU.  Only you know what lies within you ..."
"Your highest guidance is unique for you and you have all of your own answers within you."
"*"
"-  The Vibration and Energy of Numbers"
